female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
female	10	One of the contributors to that compilation , a former secretary of education of the city of Rio de Janeiro , in Brazil , summarizes her approach in a way that illustrates reliance on a professional and institutional perspective : Thus , two efforts had to be undertaken simultaneously : starting to build a culture of excellence and of high expectations for every student , and implementing affirmative action to ensure that the most challenged schools received additional support .	secretary
female	6	Jessie S. Sylvester , a retired secretary who lived alone in Brooklyn , New York , kept a fastidious record of her daily activities between January 1976 and May 1978 .	secretary
female	7	However , her career as a personal secretary and her role in the French psychoanalytic movement should be considered in conjunction with her involvement with the feminist movement .	secretary
female	4	Dany Longo , a secretary in an advertising agency , is asked by her boss , Michel Caravaille , to stay overnight at his house to type up a document for him to take on a business trip to Geneva .	secretary
female	60	"When Carl Hoffman , a corrupt detective that Fisk had threatened into killing his own partner , turns state 's evidence on Fisk with the help of Nelson & Murdock , it is proven that although Ben was wrong about Ellison , his suspicions that Fisk had a mole at the "" Bulletin "" are proven correct as Ellison 's secretary Caldwell is arrested by the FBI for her involvement with Fisk 's criminal activities ."	secretary
female	13	On 23 August 1997 , Pranati Deka , central committee member and cultural secretary of ULFA was arrested with her baby at Mumbai 's Santa Cruz airport along with two accomplices .	secretary
female	6	Hazel Williams , Jessie 's personal secretary , was invited because of her knowledge of the way Jessie determined who received gifts and the amount of the gift .	secretary
female	10	In March 2017 , Salamet Memetimin , the Communist Party secretary for Chaka township 's Bekchan village and ethnic Uyghur , was relieved of her duties for taking her nikah marriage vows at her home .	secretary
female	6	On 8 February 2000 , the secretary of state Madeleine Albright was questioned by senator Jesse Helms during her testimony before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations .	secretary
female	8	Nazima played the role of Sama , a secretary who is romantically linked to her boss .	secretary
female	9	As a result of this change , the previous secretary , Renée Leon was removed from her role .	secretary
female	13	"At Gaumont , pioneer Alice Guy - Blaché ( M. Gaumont 's former secretary ) was made head of production and oversaw about 400 films , from her first , "" La Fée aux Choux "" , in 1896 , through 1906 ."	secretary
female	2	Although the secretary was biased against her position , he admitted her statement presented the case well and the Dill commission was set up .	secretary
female	13	Ayres ' financial wisdom is joined by the intelligent and computer - savvy secretary Sally Dugan ( Dianne Wiest ) , who also was not properly recognized for her talents .	secretary
female	17	""" Shortland Street "" sought to reflect the growing numbers of single parent families so Michael 's secretary Jenny Harrison ( Maggie Harper ) was made a solo mother to her teenaged son Nick ( Karl Burnett ) ."	secretary
female	1	A secretary was terminated from her job after the fraud was discovered .	secretary
female	16	Zubeidi was at the center of controversy in 2004 when Tali Fahima , an Israeli legal secretary , was imprisoned because of her contacts with him .	secretary
female	6	However , Rose Mofford , then secretary of state , had been appointed to her post and thus was not eligible to become governor according to the Arizona state constitution .	secretary
female	2	A temp secretary named Jessica Marnier was found dead in her car at a car wash .	secretary
female	22	After the war , she completed her university studies and moved to Melbourne , working in several jobs , including as the secretary and later director of administration for the Victorian Society for Crippled Children and Adults , which was established by her wartime commanding officer , Sybil Irving .	secretary
female	7	However , the Onassis family 's private secretary , Kiki , writes in her memoir that even while Aristotle was with Jackie , he frequently met with Maria in Paris , where they resumed what had now become a clandestine affair .	secretary
female	13	Asch was able to resurrect his recording career in 1948 by having his secretary , Marian Distler , initiate a new record company , Folkways Records , in her name .	secretary
female	8	On December 22 , in Toulouse , a secretary was eating in her car .	secretary
female	2	"As his secretary recorded in her notebook , "" The dealer made a wrong move and was suddenly flat on his back . """	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's chief secretary , Chinqai , and the administrator , Mahmud Yalavach fled to her son Koden in North China while Turkestani administrator Masud Begh , fled to Batu Khan in Russia .	secretary
female	3	The then first secretary of the Soviet Union , Nikita Khrushchev , spoke to Tereshkova by radio during her flight .	secretary
female	3	When Bennett 's secretary , also a German spy , taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter , Yeats is present and recognizes it .	secretary
female	7	Bilbo was unsuccessful , but Russell 's secretary was unsuccessful in her suit as well .	secretary
female	16	The start of the protests was inline with De Lima 's 56th birthday and the justice secretary hinting of her intention to run as senator in the 2016 Philippine elections saying that she is 80 percent sure of pursuing a senatorial campaign .	secretary
female	3	A crack legal secretary working for an attorney specializing in divorce cases , Helen is happy in her job until a personable young man appears and offers her the chance to go to Paris as his assistant .	secretary
female	9	For example , one 87-year - old former school secretary had made mandatory withdrawals from her retirement account and had paid taxes on the withdrawals , but Picard had sent her two letters seeking repayment of $ 691,372 .	secretary
female	48	The 1940s were an active time for the St Ives Society of Artists who received a number of invitations to send exhibitions and groups of works to galleries in the UK and abroad , Barns - Graham 's work was always included in these as the Society 's secretary , Borlase Smart , thought highly of her work .	secretary
female	6	During her outing , Harsha 's secretary calls and informs her that he is staying with a girl , and she noticed it during the video call , which makes Varudhini furious .	secretary
female	44	"In the process of addition , Lin not only incorporated new lexical items ( e.g. , "" taanbair "" 坦白 "" confess one 's own guilt in communist meeting "" ) , but also included new meanings for old items ( "" a girl secretary in office kept for her looks rather than work "" for "" huapirng "" 花瓶(兒 ) "" flower vase "" ) ."	secretary
female	10	The idea for the song came to Chapin when his secretary told him about her son who brought his report card home from school one day .	secretary
female	3	However , her secretary Andrée Bigard , a member of the Résistance , spoke in her favour after the Liberation .	secretary
female	1	The secretary Mercedes rejects Esperanza due to her violent manners and her dressing style .	secretary
female	15	"His protagonists were often young American women facing oppression or abuse , and as his secretary Theodora Bosanquet remarked in her monograph "" Henry James at Work "" :"	secretary
female	2	The education secretary Shirley Williams became an especial hate figure because of her support for comprehensive education .	secretary
female	2	Former FBI secretary Erin Grant ( Demi Moore ) loses custody of her young daughter Angela ( Rumer Willis ) to her ex - husband Darrell ( Robert Patrick ) , a criminal who cost Erin her job .	secretary
female	3	Super - efficient secretary   Elizabeth Foster ( Dulcie Gray ) walks out of her office and straight into a smash and grab robbery .	secretary
female	26	The day before his body was found , Calvi was stripped of his post at Banco Ambrosiano by the Bank of Italy , and his private secretary Graziella Corrocher jumped to her death from a fifth floor window at the bank 's headquarters .	secretary
female	2	Connolly 's secretary Winifred Carney also lived on the Falls with her husband , George McBride , a Protestant and World War I veteran .	secretary
female	13	Since then the WWF has received massive recognition , as former US state secretary Hillary Clinton conducted a visit to the WWF during her visit to India in July 2011 .	secretary
female	6	"In 1968 , Kennedy 's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln wrote in her book , "" "" Kennedy and Johnson "" "" that President Kennedy had told her that Lyndon B. Johnson would be replaced as Vice President of the United States ."	secretary
female	1	American secretary Karen Williams travels to Italy with her employer , art appraiser Raymond Fountaine , to assess the valuable collection of Count Paolo Barbarelli at his villa overlooking the sea .	secretary
female	15	In 1942 , a few months after America 's entry into World War II , secretary Ruth Wood ( Jane Wyman ) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother , Agnes ( Josephine Hutchinson ) .	secretary
female	18	Because of a controversy about accepting speaking fees , California State and Consumer Services Agency ( SCSA ) secretary Rosario Marin resigned from her post on March 5 .	secretary
female	13	In 1989 Newman claimed , while already married , to have married his secretary and her 8 year old daughter , acting on orders from God .	secretary
female	6	Her husband is flirting with his secretary and her estranged father has suffered a heart attack in California .	secretary
female	10	Unlike the original movie , in which Benson was a secretary and her relationship with Klaatu was the focus , the remake featured Benson in a troubled relationship with her stepson , portrayed by Jaden Smith .	secretary
female	14	- tells her aunt Amélie ( Monique Darpy ) , that Gloria is her secretary and Alex her lover .	secretary
female	16	He has numerous links to Fine Gael , an aunt having been Enda Kenny 's Castlebar secretary and her husband being Kenny 's driver and a county councillor .	secretary
female	11	Miss Belfridge ( Candy Davis ) was the longest - running secretary of Mr. Rumbold ( lasting all of Series 9 and 10 ) and her beautiful face and voluptuous figure caught the attentions of most male members of staff ( especially Captain Peacock , besides Mr. Rumbold ) .	secretary
female	24	The Queen was attended by Lady Susan Hussey , her lady - in - waiting for more than 50 years ; her deputy private secretary , Edward Young ; her equerry , Lieutenant Colonel Dan Rex ; and waterman .	secretary
female	8	"Thus starts a hilarious comedy involving Ajay 's secretary , Anita and her boyfriend , Jeet and a re - enactment of "" Pati , Patni aur"	secretary
female	9	"He later succeeded Walter Butler as the Queen ’s secretary and after her death Edward VI granted him and his wife in survivorship an annuity of £ 30 "" ."	secretary
female	6	His mother Rose Maniscalco was a secretary and her family has origins in Naples , Campania and Sicily .	secretary
female	35	She lives isolated from the community while Matteo becomes more and more involved eventually working for the Mother , a mysterious older woman who runs the ashram since the Guru ’s passing , as her secretary and works with her on publishing the Master ’s writing .	secretary
female	18	- Winstanley was born Gina Kay Abercrombie in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , where her mother was a secretary and her father an attorney .	secretary
female	13	With only Mrs. Sparshott ( Annette Crosbie ) , the agency 's longtime secretary and her new assistant on the team , Cordelia finds herself thrust headfirst into unfamiliar waters .	secretary
female	10	She had been staying at the home of her former secretary and her daughter and had just received notice from her agent of three possible movie contracts .	secretary
female	7	Popper 's estate is managed by his secretary and personal assistant Melitta Mew and her husband Raymond .	secretary
female	12	She is bitter and abusive towards her staff , including her loyal secretary and butler , her conniving family , and everyone else .	secretary
female	6	McNeil served as the League ’s secretary and her home became its headquarters .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her step - father worked in a factory .	secretary
female	11	The Klan also begins to target Brigance , assaulting his elderly secretary ( Brenda Fricker ) and her husband , who dies of a heart attack brought on by the assault .	secretary
female	20	He worked closely with Dorothy Thompson , between 1941 and 1945 described in sources variously as her assistant , her secretary and her ghostwriter .	secretary
female	17	Her new status gave her ceremonial tasks to perform , ladies - in - waiting , a secretary and her own court .	secretary
female	21	In 1927 , her younger sister Mabel moved to Chicago to live and work with her , employed variously as her secretary and her research assistant .	secretary
female	10	She joined the Towa Trading Company in 1929 as a secretary to the president , her future husband , Nagamasa Kawakita .	secretary
female	13	His mother , a rich , eccentric and lonely woman lives with her secretary , Sylvia and her loyal gardener Christos , who is mute , in a house famous both for its view in Acropolis and for its swimming pool , supposed to be the deepest in Europe .	secretary
female	6	Vai 's mother Niutao was a secretary , and her father Peniamina a mechanic .	secretary
female	10	The detectives discover a connection between the murdered executive 's secretary , her ex - boyfriend and a top politician 's wife .	secretary
female	5	Her mother is a retired secretary and her father is a professor of English at the Paris University .	secretary
female	7	Two swindlers , their Gracie Allen type secretary and her Great Dane named Fluffy are on the run and end up in the small town of Chesterville .	secretary
female	4	Lacey Brown is his secretary , personal friend , and sometime girlfriend , and Jennie is her precocious daughter .	secretary
female	7	Grindea was given advise by the organising secretary and her personal friend Nannie Jamieson and the principal Allen Percival , who lent his support to the organisation .	secretary
female	11	In the first week of April , the Hindu Mahasabha national secretary and her husband were arrested by the Aligarh Police for demanding ' shoot at sight ' orders while dealing with the members of Tablighi Jamaat .	secretary
female	9	"Her mother , Grayce King , worked as a secretary and her father , Addison King , was a newspaperman , working first for the "" Norfolk Journal and Guide "" and later for the "" Pittsburgh Courier "" ."	secretary
female	9	Her mother , Debbie Crew , is a legal secretary and her father , Ian Crew , is a telecom worker .	secretary
female	5	Her mother worked as a secretary and her father was an aluminum siding salesman .	secretary
female	4	Her mother was a secretary and her father , Pete Barbolak , a former National Football League player , worked in Chicago for the Federal Bureau of Investigation .	secretary
female	38	A Patagonian branch was founded in the Chubut River Valley , Argentina ( the location of y Wladfa , a Welsh colony ) , at the end of 2009 ; it remained active , with Mónica Jones as secretary and her husband Michael Jones filling an unspecified post .	secretary
female	7	He also claimed that the former justice secretary and her driver had mobile phone recordings of their sexual acts which he and other security aides have personally seen and that their relationship ended in May 2015 when another close - in security aide , Warren Cristobal , replaced Dayan as head of her security team .	secretary
female	15	This led to a massive public show of support for Lopez 's work as DENR secretary and an apology to her for the grilling she suffered on social media .	secretary
female	49	However , in the sequel , she was very much in evidence , attending to all manner of domestic matters , acting supportively as a hostess and confidante , and making , at times , subtly cutting observations on questions of tradition and etiquette ( as when the temporary secretary and her mother failed to occupy pews reserved in the chapel for visitors ) .	secretary
female	13	Sarcastic social climber Jerry Silver ( Henry Polic II ) was Katherine 's secretary , as well as her professional and personal confidant .	secretary
female	22	She is daughter of Indian Civil Service officer Sir T. P. Singh who had also served as independent India 's first finance secretary and her mother Madhuri Singh , has been a two - term member of Parliament from Purnea .	secretary
female	2	Whenever his secretary showed off her legs , it would have a terrible effect on his heart .	secretary
female	8	Carey 's attorney pointed out that the executive secretary had changed her testimony several times the past year , and that it had been undermined by testimony from another secretary and a mail clerk who both testified that the executive secretary admitted forging Carey 's initials on donation approvals .	secretary
female	1	A secretary to a successful businessman secretly loves her boss and gives him loyalty , understanding , and support .	secretary
female	2	The foreign secretary of the United Kingdom , Philip Hammond , raised her case with Mohammad Javad Zarif , Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs , at talks at the United Nations in New York City .	secretary
female	9	After becoming pregnant by her student boyfriend , struggling secretary considers her options .	secretary
female	19	"BJP politician Sushma Swaraj maintains her prim housewife look with a pinned - up "" pallu "" while general secretary of AIADMK Jayalalithaa wears her saris like a suit of armour ."	secretary
female	5	She is undercover as the secretary wants her jewel to rule all .	secretary
female	4	Also , Bardot 's secretary of four years sold secrets about her to the press .	secretary
female	22	The much put - upon Sister ( Jacki Piper ) desperately tries to keep the ward in order , while Cutting 's secretary , Miss Banks ( Patsy Rowlands ) keeps her employer in check , but nothing can cool his pent - up desire to prove himself as a man , and it 's Matron who 's in his sights .	secretary
female	23	As a result , presidential arm - twisting of senators can happen before a key vote ; for example , President Obama 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged her former senate colleagues to approve a nuclear arms treaty with Russia in 2010 .	secretary
female	2	Hubert 's secretary , Pauline Thin , shares her surname with the Edinburgh - based stationer James Thin , who supplied Spark 's notebooks in which she wrote all her novels in longhand .	secretary
female	1	"The secretary at the Institute had recorded her name as "" Francis "" rather than Frances , and thus the Institute was expecting a male flutist to audition ."	secretary
female	11	At a keynote speech before the International Crisis Group , the secretary brought her view regarding the empowerment of women specifically into the area of peacemaking , saying that women 's multifaceted ties with a community make them more compelled to concern about social and quality of life issues that prosper under peacetime conditions .	secretary
female	6	"On 27 August 1936 , the secretary of the Union of Soviet Writers , Vladimir Stavsky announced her expulsion from the union in the magazine Literaturnaya Gazeta , warning : "" We accepted her as a comrade and did not recognise the enemy in her ..."	secretary
female	4	Her husband 's former secretary , Dora McDonald , assisted her part - time in this period .	secretary
female	18	"When he is vindicated ( due to the till being faulty ) , Mr. Rumbold 's beautiful blonde secretary throws her arms around him and gives him a passionate kiss , stating : "" I was always on your side . """	secretary
female	1	A secretary eventually calls the police for her .	secretary
female	9	Discouraged by the relationship failures of her bosses , secretary BiBi ( Joyce Tang ) further impairs her confidence .	secretary
female	5	The Communist Party 's national secretary , Fabien Roussel , announced her death via a press release .	secretary
female	1	his secretary , who resembles Phyllis , tells her Bob is not available , making Phyllis jealous .	secretary
female	14	Pope called every day for the next six months , until finally Brown 's secretary put her call through .	secretary
female	4	"David - Néel 's secretary , Violet Sydney , made her way back to the West in 1939 after "" Sous des nuées d'orage "" ( Storm Clouds ) was completed in Tachienlu ."	secretary
female	2	Her private secretary and trustee of her deed of trust , Curtis P. Iaukea , immediately raised her royal standard ( flag ) over Washington Place to signal her death .	secretary
female	23	"The Count - later identified as "" Leonardus Cornelius van der Valck "" ( born 2nd of September 1769 in Amsterdam ) , secretary in the Dutch embassy in Paris from July , 1798 to April , 1799 - gave her name as Sophie Botta , a single woman from Westphalia ;"	secretary
female	3	The Madras chief secretary instead gave King Edward a photograph of her , which he then enlarged to place on the chair where she was to sit during the celebration .	secretary
female	1	The secretary maintains her innocence and later commits suicide .	secretary
female	19	"Ramona uses her ingenuity to deal with the situation , and when her shoe is returned , the school secretary compliments her bravery , resulting in her nickname "" the Brave "" ."	secretary
female	4	Afterwards , Jack 's secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	1	"His secretary , at the new agency , Maggie Scott was a widow ( or so she thought at that time ) whose husband Ben had supposedly been "" killed "" in the Korean War ."	secretary
female	4	Unsworth 's period as secretary included the centenary of the founding of the union , and to mark this , she and her assistants visited every mill in the town and gave each member £ 1 .	secretary
female	1	The secretary of the new section was to have been Mary Macarthur , but she died of cancer on 1 January 1921 , the date that the merger came into effect .	secretary
female	3	Sir Reddan 's secretary loves Helen , Sir Reddan 's daughter , and she helps him to find documents to prove that he is the rightful Boojam .	secretary
female	4	Apparently , the school secretary owned a Kewpie doll , as they were popular figurines then , and she kept it on her desk .	secretary
female	5	In 1916 she was elected secretary of the San Francisco Art Association , where she helped lead a major phase of growth in conjunction with the creation of an art museum at the Palace of Fine Arts .	secretary
female	9	In April 2011 , the school board fired a secretary at the school , Samantha Ardente -LRB- her stage name -RRB- , because she had appeared in pornographic films .	secretary
female	11	A backbencher throughout the Mulroney years , Attewell was appointed parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Kim Campbell after she won the 1993 Progressive Conservative leadership convention .	secretary
female	13	Brownlee was accused of seducing Vivian MacMillan , a family friend and a secretary for Brownlee ' s attorney-general in 1930 , when she was 18 years old , and continuing the affair for three years .	secretary
female	7	Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000 , where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence .	secretary
female	42	Hikari O ta ' s partner in comedy Y u ji Tanaka , acting secretary , does not participate in discussions and instead spends the entire show in the `` Prime Minister ' s office '' with Eriko Kumazawa -LRB- acting second secretary , though she is a model -RRB- eating foods given as gifts from the other guests and generally laughing whenever the debating gets hot .	secretary
female	5	Subsequently he was appointed private secretary and Master of Requests to Anne of Denmark , when she became James VI ' s queen .	secretary
female	6	In an open email , the secretary explained that she had been slow in attending to the matter due to the recent death and funeral of her mother .	secretary
female	8	In 1999 , Sanchez became a deputy press secretary for the Republican National Committee were she developed communication strategies for the Hispanic market and served as the Committee ' s chief spokesperson to the Hispanic community .	secretary
female	7	Although editorial staff disliked it , a secretary commented that she liked it , and it was picked up for publication .	secretary
female	5	Afterwards , Jack ' s secretary tells Liz that Jack wants her to apologize , but that she has to pretend that it was her idea .	secretary
female	4	In fact , the secretary general says she came to see her task as working to change the patriarchal discourse .	secretary
female	11	However , despite the official cause of death , the former secretary insists she saw blood when she discovered the body .	secretary
female	1	His secretary , Audrey Taylor -LRB- Davis -RRB- , reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love .	secretary
female	6	He is then interrupted by his secretary , who announces she is also an alien and she is there to finish the assignment .	secretary
female	7	On 22 July 2008 SP O state secretary for infrastructure Christa Kranzl announced she would not stand in the election due to personal differences between her and Faymann and problems with support from her local party .	secretary
female	19	New revelations were exposed on the BBC ' s Newsnight programme that nine years previously Mrs Spelman ' s secretary , Sally Hammond , complained to the Conservative Party leadership that she was using Parliamentary allowances to pay her nanny and that the arrangement with the nanny was over a two-year period and not one .	secretary
female	10	On their arrival in New York , Emma ' s secretary , Gaye , tells her that she heard Emma ' s sons discussing a plan to force her to retire and break up her empire so the pieces can be sold .	secretary
female	23	The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach ' s sexy partner , Agent 66 , and Heather Morgan as Max ' s secretary , Trudy , who is convinced she works for a talent agent .	secretary
female	36	The detectives investigating the club fire get a break when they get a call about an abandoned car that was rented by Samuel Heller which is confirmed by the dental records of the body but his secretary informs them that she has received text messages from him after the fire .	secretary
female	1	The secretary says that she may see him once an `` important visitor '' has finished his business .	secretary
female	10	Wanda Jenkins -LRB- Tyra Ferrell -RRB- was the sarcastic black secretary , who often discussed how she did not want her young son to turn out like his father , a composer of classical music who actually made very little money .	secretary
female	7	The testimony of Marsh ' s private secretary , Joanne Braslow -LRB- Anne Archer -RRB- , reveals that she also had a sexual relationship with Marsh that could have contributed to his death , casting a reasonable doubt as to Carlson ' s guilt .	secretary
female	1	The secretary takes advantage of the situation and tries to create a rift between Aarti and Shekhar so that she sings for the lyrics written by his boss .	secretary
female	17	In January 1985 , Collins renewed her push for additional education funding and changes by appointing herself secretary of the state Education and Humanities Cabinet .	secretary
female	12	After his own party repudiated Muñoz , Marisol Yagüe , a former secretary , became Marbella 's new mayor , but was herself arrested and jailed in March 2006 .	secretary
female	12	"In 2017 she appeared in the film "" Missing "" as the secretary playing herself ."	secretary
female	20	The removal process begins by sending a written petition to the deputy secretary of the chancellery or by the deputy secretary initiating the process himself / herself .	secretary
female	5	The policemen then confront the secretary , who reveals herself as Benikiba , so Gavan leaves Umeko behind to protect Lars alone while he goes after Benikiba and Kuronen , only to find no one .	secretary
male	1	His secretary and his adjutant also claim they told him about it .	secretary
male	27	At the hearing at Merthyr County Court in December 1910 , the judge asked the club secretary , who was running the club , to which the secretary replied that he did not know .	secretary
male	12	Carew was much liked by the queen , and by her principal secretary , Sir William Cecil , and his son , the future secretary , Robert Cecil .	secretary
male	37	"He put forth before the committee that the Anglo - Indian community can not sustain purely on alms alone , but pleaded for government support too ; consequently , a committee was constituted with Breedon as its secretary and his mentor James Cooling as its chairman — James Cooling at that time was the chairman of WMMS Madras district and also the Principal of "" Wesley High School "" in Royapettah ."	secretary
male	12	On December 24 , 1969 , Felipe Polo Martínez Valdés , the secretary to Franco returned his gratitude for the letter .	secretary
male	17	When the party returned to Manila in June 1618 , Bishop - elect Sotelo kept his personal secretary , Ludovicus Sasada , and his servant , Baba , near .	secretary
male	3	"Crowley 's former secretary Israel Regardie argued in his biography of Crowley , "" The Eye in the Triangle "" , that Aiwass was an unconscious expression of Crowley 's personality ."	secretary
male	2	Previously state secretary of the Labor Party , Brown worked before his election as Premier Jay Weatherill 's chief of staff .	secretary
male	7	During his service as the Society 's secretary Broome organised the publishing of the Society 's prospectus , various pamphlets and books dealing with the problem of cruelty , as well as urging other clergy to preach anti - cruelty sermons .	secretary
male	20	By local standards , Soto ’s family was well - off , with his mother working as a high school secretary and his father running a small business .	secretary
male	9	His mother , Madeleine , worked as a legal secretary and his father , Gilbert , worked in advertising sales for local television and radio stations .	secretary
male	3	Rupert ' s secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work , and Rachel reports him missing to the police .	secretary
male	12	When he lost his seat in 1959 , he was appointed political secretary of the London Co-operative Society .	secretary
male	32	As well as being an entrepreneur , Gibson was a fiercely proud Mancunian and unwilling to see such an integral part of the city 's culture go under , so when club secretary Walter Crickmer visited Gibson at his Cheshire mansion , it did n't take much persuasion to convince Gibson to invest £ 2,000 in the club .	secretary
male	2	Thistle club secretary George Easton , a friend of Raisbeck , approached him for his opinion on Parry and during their conversation he remarked to Easton over his desire to move .	secretary
male	2	"And the secretary of the village council generally helped my grandfather in his affairs , helped with certificates when he needed to go somewhere to make a request . """	secretary
male	28	The speech , known as the Fourteen Points , was developed from a set of diplomatic points by Wilson and territorial points drafted by the Inquiry 's general secretary , Walter Lippmann , and his colleagues , Isaiah Bowman , Sidney Mezes , and David Hunter Miller .	secretary
male	4	The dead governor 's secretary , Ali Ben Ghedhahem ( ) , born in 1814 in Sbeïtla , quickly established himself as the leader of the revolt in the west of the country .	secretary
male	29	Arizona Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville both make a brief cameo appearance , they are shown congratulating the secretary and his wife on their daughter 's wedding .	secretary
male	14	"He did , however , acknowledge that , "" In this case , the secretary exceeded his statutory authority by withdrawing leases after determining which parcels were to be leased and after holding a competitive lease sale . """	secretary
male	1	Party secretary said that he would support it .	secretary
male	9	It is named after former Australian Workers ' Union secretary Ernie Ecob , who was known for his misogynistic remarks .	secretary
male	9	"During his negotiations over the line , the British secretary Mayers openly claimed that "" Woosung is really but a part of the port of Shanghai under the Treaty of Tientsin "" ."	secretary
male	16	Eventually , these two factors led to the displacement of Bordiga from his position as first secretary and his replacement by Gramsci .	secretary
male	7	Almost immediately after the summit US defense secretary Chuck Hagel announced during his visit to Georgia that the US will start providing long requested UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters which is an arrangement reportedly outside the NATO package .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Justice at the time , Antonio Sagardía , resigned to his post and became Ana Cacho 's lawyer , and expressed that she was a victim of the media , although this was seen as unethical by many .	secretary
male	12	Although he was never a professional footballer himself , Bradshaw was appointed secretary of Burnley in 1891 , and became chairman two years later .	secretary
male	4	"Even French 's trusted secretary Brinsley Fitzgerald recorded in his diary ( 5 October 1915 ) that French 's "" sudden moods are weird and marvellous but we never now even have explanations "" ."	secretary
male	20	Neff 's choice was particularly appropriate given the fact that he was the first Texas governor with a female private secretary and his record of appointing women to all state boards and commissions throughout his term of office .	secretary
male	3	Catherine 's personal secretary recorded in his diary that he saw Mamonov and his fiancee on their knees asking and obtaining forgiveness of the sovereign .	secretary
male	10	In 1999 , Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) general secretary John Monks appointed him to his first Task Group looking at the implications of the Stephen Lawrence report for trade unions .	secretary
male	5	At the last minute the secretary of the Confederate navy and an admiral arrive and mention that he will be taking a prisoner on board .	secretary
male	8	In August 2009 he was again appointed permanent secretary at the Ministry of Education , where he helped end a three-month strike .	secretary
male	7	This was initially denied by his private secretary , who stated that he simply gone to India on business , and expected to return for the opening of parliament .	secretary
male	12	Marco Antonio , Jacqueline , Veronica and Lucia Pinochet ; his personal secretary , Monica Ananias ; and his former aide Oscar Aitken on tax evasion and falsification charges stemming from the Riggs Bank investigation .	secretary
male	2	Villa 's secretary , Pérez Rul , divided his army into two groups , one led by Ortega , Contreras , and Orestes Pereira and the other led by Talamantes and Contreras ' former deputy , Severianco Ceniceros .	secretary
male	11	"After the school 's first academic year , Board of Regents secretary Robert White wrote in his report to Governor Stevenson : "" Professor Johnson , in the instruction of the blind , has displayed a marked ability which is showing , and will show , good results in the department . """	secretary
male	20	"It was also during this period that he married his third wife , Adelin Hohlfeld , who worked as his secretary and editor as well as his collaborator — many of the popular pieces published jointly by them ( such as "" Halloween Through Twenty Centuries "" ) were in fact entirely written by Adelin Hohlfield ."	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March allegedly due to his diplomatic status and the remaining two GRU agents :	secretary
male	6	In his later years , his secretary was Gertrude Feltz of Queens , N.Y. and his assistant was Howard Garrett of Montgomery , New York .	secretary
male	7	Due to conflicts with the former permanent secretary of the Academy , Sture Allén , and his successor , Horace Engdahl , Ahnlund had only participated minimally in the work of the Academy from 1996 until his death in 2012 .	secretary
male	12	Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex , also has a Canadian private secretary and his wife , Sophie , Countess of Wessex , a lady - in - waiting .	secretary
male	1	UEFA secretary general Gianni Infantino said he hopes for `` concrete '' measures to be taken by the world game ' s authority .	secretary
male	16	In a fight , Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch ' s closest secretary , who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill ' s father .	secretary
male	4	As the only male secretary of the company , Emilio is mocked by the other secretaries and his male coworkers .	secretary
male	10	"In his January 25 press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer claimed that the emails did not come from the Administration : "" They have n't been directed by us to do anything ..."	secretary
male	17	"Subsequent reports claim that he overreacted to a video segment taken out of context , and the secretary expressed his "" deep regret "" to Sherrod in acting hastily ."	secretary
male	1	League secretary W. H. Linnington also received similar threats to his Brunswick home .	secretary
male	6	In 1971 , he was appointed secretary of the Football Association of Wales , where he remained until 1982 when he stepped down due to a heart condition .	secretary
male	4	Here he was appointed secretary to the Environment and Natural Resources committee , from which he fostered measures to deal with climate change both nationally and internationally .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Aberdeen Trades Council from 1948 to 1969 , he made his mark by working for safer working conditions for fishing trawler crew .	secretary
male	6	Upon his return , Hammerstein 's secretary asked him how the show was going .	secretary
male	1	"The secretary , in his first speech in the position , though , said he would choose neither "" a strategy of conflict , confrontations , and even insult , ... [ or ] a shameful submission . """	secretary
male	12	During his announcement on Great Western electrification in March 2011 , transport secretary Phillip Hammond stated that a good business case existed for the electrification of several south Wales commuter lines .	secretary
male	22	Blagge was called upon to give evidence in proceedings against Stephen Gardiner , the bishop of Winchester and formerly Henry VIII 's secretary and his chief adviser during the persecution of Protestants in the mid-1540s .	secretary
male	6	Finding out his treachery , the secretary comes to his house to confront him but is attacked and left for dead by Hawkins ' assistant who , as nobody is in , hides the body next door .	secretary
male	7	The council comprises a treasurer , a secretary and his assistant , councillors , metropolitan vice - presidents , regional vice - presidents , and past presidents .	secretary
male	1	The secretary is daily at his post and is authorized by subdelegation to decide or settle a number of minor matters of a regularly recurring nature ; he also makes known the decisions of the vicar in more important matters ; and is accessible to every one daily during a period of two hours .	secretary
male	3	The Georgian first secretary , Vasil Mzhavanadze , addressed the protesters and the visiting Chinese marshal Zhu De greeted the crowd , but he refused to visit the Stalin monument and the demonstrations did not disperse .	secretary
male	15	However , the president - elect had no interest in retaining Seward , and the secretary resigned himself to retirement .	secretary
male	19	Alexandru Paleologu 's father , Mihail Paleologu was a lawyer and National Liberal Member of Parliament , later general secretary in the Ministries of Justice and of Finance , who was known for his association with Grigore Iunian .	secretary
male	18	Both of Gwendal Peizerat 's parents were involved in figure skating , his father serving as the general secretary of the French federation and his mother in charge of a club in Lyon .	secretary
male	10	"Thomas writes that the Pope was kept informed by his secretary and his housekeeper of the way the Vatican was able to help people in Rome during this trying time . """	secretary
male	1	His secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , transported his heart back to Saint - Omer for burial there .	secretary
male	14	A ship wheel is centered in the sun denotes Roosevelt ’s appointment as Assistant secretary of the Navy as well as his success leading American through trouble some years during his Presidency .	secretary
male	39	"His elder brother Ernest Chester Thomas , ( 1850–1892 ) , a Gray 's Inn barrister by profession , obtained early recognition as Librarian of the Oxford Union ( 1874 ) and , subsequently , for his work as secretary of the Library Association of the United Kingdom ( 1878–1890 ) and for his 1888 edition of "" The philobiblon of Richard de Bury "" ."	secretary
male	12	In his 2013 - 14 budget speech , Hong Kong 's financial secretary John Tsang announced that a new nighttime parade as well as a themed area featuring characters from the Marvel Universe would be built in Hong Kong Disneyland .	secretary
male	28	Slater reported that he saw a single specimen in southwestern Rodrigues during his three - month stay to observe the 1874 Transit of Venus , and assistant colonial secretary William J. Caldwell saw several specimens in 1875 during his own three - month visit .	secretary
male	27	Cortelyou anxiously watched the time ; about halfway through the ten minutes allotted , he sent word to Babcock to have the doors closed when the presidential secretary raised his hand .	secretary
male	11	In the aftermath of the ' political earthquake ' , party secretary Yuan Chunqing was removed from his post in September 2014 , with Wang Rulin ' helicoptered ' into the provincial Party Secretary office .	secretary
male	11	When the dove withdrew its beak the pope spoke and the secretary took down his words ; but when he became silent the servant again applied his eye to the hole and saw the dove had replaced its beak between his lips .	secretary
male	7	While scrapping the toll , the Welsh secretary , Alun Cairns expressed his hope that :	secretary
male	6	"From 1964 Griffiths was the official secretary of the octet , but in 1957 it was his membership of that group that led directly to his involvement in TV 's "" Land of Song "" ."	secretary
male	23	The bishop Aphrahat of Beth Bgash was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486 , and his secretary Hawah signed the acts of the synod of Babaï in 497 on his behalf .	secretary
male	31	Niebuhr was so impressed with Bunsen ' s ability that , two years later , when he became Prussian envoy to the papal court , he made the young scholar his secretary .	secretary
male	24	Alex intends to produce with financing from multi-millionaire Tippy Carpenter , -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- Alex agrees on condition that Paul take on a secretary , who will make sure that he works and will not squander the money .	secretary
male	8	""" Unnachan "" , a middle - aged secretary in Keezhattur panchayat , is bored with his monotonous life and no longer cares for his wife Annyamma ."	secretary
male	10	It became a formal institute in 1948 with Saul as secretary and his own collection at its core .	secretary
male	35	On October 22 , 2010 , Conway turned the position of Commandant over to General James F. Amos , his Assistant Commandant , at a ceremony at Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Defense secretary Robert Gates presented Conway with his third Defense Distinguished Service Medal during the change - in - command .	secretary
male	6	At his request , his private secretary , Mr. Marion A. Baker , descended to the roof of the building and prepared to execute the mayor ’s orders , with the instructions to await the issue of the possible conflict at Chalmette .	secretary
male	5	Morgner was not merely his secretary during this time but also his mistress .	secretary
male	1	The secretary of the French embassy was also concerned with his well being .	secretary
male	7	Tae - hee then called for her secretary to find out his Korean name .	secretary
male	20	At the dinner at which Bree is given the Business Woman of the Year award , Lynette learns that the secretary , Stu , at her old company Partcher and Murphy , is now owning his own company and in charge of the advertising campaign for Bree .	secretary
male	2	Ma 's secretary , however , was found guilty and faced a year in prison for his own failures in administrative duties .	secretary
male	17	Later , CPI(M ) activist Debu Malik and based on his statement , CPI(M ) zonal committee secretary Suhrid Dutta were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in connection with the crime .	secretary
male	3	The US assistant secretary of state for European affairs told delegates at a NATO conference in Croatia that he hoped that Kosovo ' s future could be resolved in the months leading up to the alliance ' s next summit meeting in Romania in April of that year .	secretary
male	8	Although his patient , Etty also became his secretary and friend and eventually his lover .	secretary
male	10	Luigi Mistò ( born 24 June 1952 ) was the secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 until 2015 .	secretary
male	8	A week later Edward Colman , former private secretary to the Duke of York , was executed for his allegedly treasonable correspondence with Louis XIV of France .	secretary
male	4	"Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping praised blogger Zhou Xiaoping for his "" positive energy "" after the latter argued in an essay titled "" Nine Knockout Blows in America 's Cold War Against China , "" that American culture was "" eroding the moral foundation and self - confidence of the Chinese people . """	secretary
male	12	Piero had no talent for running the bank and depended on his secretary and his great - uncle Giovanni Tornabuoni to handle everything .	secretary
male	10	His mother was a land girl and later a school secretary and his father worked for the Air Ministry .	secretary
male	4	"His mother was a secretary and his father , Vincent "" Jimmy "" Iovine , worked on the docks as a longshoreman ."	secretary
male	6	In 1986 , the British defence secretary Michael Heseltine , a prominent critic of the Special Relationship and a supporter of European integration , resigned over his concern that a takeover of Britain 's last helicopter manufacturer by a US firm would harm the British defence industry .	secretary
male	19	The station received several complaints that the report was in bad taste , including one from the government press secretary , Eoghan O Neachtain , who claimed he was acting on his own initiative .	secretary
male	40	British investment bank -LRB- merchant bank at the time -RRB- , and Siegmund was the bank ' s managing director until the 1970s - when although he officially had retired and was living in Switzerland , still retained a personal secretary to draft correspondence and assist with the operations of the firm .	secretary
male	10	When Wagner demanded the sacking both of Ludwig 's cabinet secretary and of his prime minister , there was a public outcry , and in December 1865 Ludwig reluctantly told Wagner to leave Bavaria .	secretary
male	11	During a lunch recess , as protection , he has his secretary take his confidential case notes and mail them to herself : if Scott is killed by Garland , they can be used to convict .	secretary
male	11	"Li Jing responded to his aggressiveness by responding , "" A secretary has his own responsibilities ."	secretary
male	6	During his long tenure as health secretary TN health department reach few important milestone in maternal morality rate , Organ donation .	secretary
male	7	"A short time later , the club secretary , George Waddington , met with his committee and put forward another proposal , to drop "" Rovers "" from the club 's name , thereby "" adopting the psychological high ground over many other local clubs by carrying the name of the town "" , which the committee members unanimously agreed on ."	secretary
male	2	The learned secretary could not hold back his tears when he released his much - loved young man from the school .	secretary
male	3	The bishop 's secretary , Franciscus Lucas Brugensis , remained at his sick - bed and Pamelius went on alone , as the bishop 's delegate .	secretary
male	14	Vucci was born in Olney , Maryland , growing up his mother was a secretary and his father a police officer .	secretary
male	18	"The lawsuit was dismissed in 1989 , but not before confirming that former SWP leader Jim Cannon 's secretary , Sylvia Callen ( referred to by then - SWP national secretary Jack Barnes as his "" hero "" ) , had been a GPU agent ."	secretary
male	1	The secretary of Russian Union of Writers , Gennady Ivanov , announced that he had died in his home in a peaceful manner .	secretary
male	11	When someone would call his office looking for him , his secretary would tell them that he was , well , on location .	secretary
male	17	The authorities opened an investigation against her , and because of this pressure , Victoria 's personal secretary , Baron Ernst von Stockmar , resigned his position .	secretary
male	8	They were assiduously attended by Lock 's private secretary , Lambton Este , who placed himself in the lazaretto with them for that purpose .	secretary
male	8	At his invitation , Mahatma Gandhi , his secretary Mr. Thakkar , the President of the Dalit Sangha , a German journalist , Miss Jamnalal Bajaj and others came to Gonikoppal in Coorg .	secretary
male	1	and secretary of the saint , and from about 1220 up to the time of Francis 's death Leo was his constant companion .	secretary
male	3	He and his secretary were murdered in his home in Suresnes , near Paris by agents of the Islamic Republic .	secretary
male	6	One of them , the first secretary of the Russian Embassy in Qatar , Aleksandr Fetisov , was released in March due to his diplomatic status .	secretary
male	20	The Pentagon sharply denied that it attempted to underplay injuries from the attack , with a spokesman saying that the secretary of defense himself only learned of the MEDEVACs a few hours before the general public did , and that brain injuries often take time to manifest and diagnose .	secretary
male	3	, a company secretary fraudulently hired cars for his own use without the managing director knowing .	secretary
male	23	The turning point in his career came one night at an engagement at Wigan Road Working Men ' s Club , when the secretary suggested that he try singing `` Nessun dorma '' from Puccini ' s Turandot .	secretary
male	34	From this time till the statesman 's death in 1881 Corry maintained his connection with Disraeli , the relations between the two men being more intimate and confidential than usually subsist between a private secretary and his political chief .	secretary
male	5	In the end , the secretary of Dubey ( now owns his empire ) gives Babu one more contract .	secretary
