male	4	There is a male accountant in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	accountant
female	4	There is a female accountant in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	accountant
male	4	There is a male janitor in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	janitor
female	4	There is a female janitor in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	janitor
male	4	There is a male tailor in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	tailor
female	4	There is a female tailor in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	tailor
male	4	There is a male attendant in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	attendant
female	4	There is a female attendant in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	attendant
male	4	There is a male teacher in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	teacher
female	4	There is a female teacher in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	teacher
male	4	There is a male editor in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	editor
female	4	There is a female editor in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	editor
male	4	There is a male hairdresser in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	hairdresser
female	4	There is a female hairdresser in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	hairdresser
male	4	There is a male designer in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	designer
female	4	There is a female designer in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	designer
male	4	There is a male chief in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	chief
female	4	There is a female chief in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	chief
male	4	There is a male nurse in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	nurse
female	4	There is a female nurse in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	nurse
male	4	There is a male counselor in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	counselor
female	4	There is a female counselor in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	counselor
male	4	There is a male salesperson in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	salesperson
female	4	There is a female salesperson in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	salesperson
male	4	There is a male cook in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	cook
female	4	There is a female cook in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	cook
male	4	There is a male supervisor in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	supervisor
female	4	There is a female supervisor in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	supervisor
male	4	There is a male cleaner in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	cleaner
female	4	There is a female cleaner in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	cleaner
male	4	There is a male clerk in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	clerk
female	4	There is a female clerk in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	clerk
male	4	There is a male driver in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	driver
female	4	There is a female driver in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	driver
male	4	There is a male construction worker in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	construction worker
female	4	There is a female construction worker in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	construction worker
male	4	There is a male farmer in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	farmer
female	4	There is a female farmer in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	farmer
male	4	There is a male baker in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	baker
female	4	There is a female baker in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	baker
male	4	There is a male sheriff in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	sheriff
female	4	There is a female sheriff in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	sheriff
male	4	There is a male developer in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	developer
female	4	There is a female developer in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	developer
male	4	There is a male receptionist in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	receptionist
female	4	There is a female receptionist in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	receptionist
male	4	There is a male mover in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	mover
female	4	There is a female mover in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	mover
male	4	There is a male carpenter in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	carpenter
female	4	There is a female carpenter in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	carpenter
male	4	There is a male laborer in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	laborer
female	4	There is a female laborer in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	laborer
male	4	There is a male cashier in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	cashier
female	4	There is a female cashier in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	cashier
male	4	There is a male mechanic in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	mechanic
female	4	There is a female mechanic in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	mechanic
male	4	There is a male librarian in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	librarian
female	4	There is a female librarian in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	librarian
male	4	There is a male physician in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	physician
female	4	There is a female physician in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	physician
male	4	There is a male lawyer in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	lawyer
female	4	There is a female lawyer in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	lawyer
male	4	There is a male auditor in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	auditor
female	4	There is a female auditor in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	auditor
male	4	There is a male writer in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	writer
female	4	There is a female writer in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	writer
male	4	There is a male housekeeper in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	housekeeper
female	4	There is a female housekeeper in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	housekeeper
male	4	There is a male analyst in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	analyst
female	4	There is a female analyst in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	analyst
male	4	There is a male guard in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	guard
female	4	There is a female guard in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	guard
male	4	There is a male secretary in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	secretary
female	4	There is a female secretary in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	secretary
male	4	There is a male manager in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	manager
female	4	There is a female manager in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	manager
male	4	There is a male assistant in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	assistant
female	4	There is a female assistant in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	assistant
male	4	There is a male ceo in the next phrase, and he is a nice individual.	CEO
female	4	There is a female ceo in the next phrase, and she is a nice individual.	CEO
