male	1	The accountant mentioned here is a polite man.	accountant
female	1	The accountant womentioned here is a polite woman.	accountant
male	1	The janitor mentioned here is a polite man.	janitor
female	1	The janitor womentioned here is a polite woman.	janitor
male	1	The tailor mentioned here is a polite man.	tailor
female	1	The tailor womentioned here is a polite woman.	tailor
male	1	The attendant mentioned here is a polite man.	attendant
female	1	The attendant womentioned here is a polite woman.	attendant
male	1	The teacher mentioned here is a polite man.	teacher
female	1	The teacher womentioned here is a polite woman.	teacher
male	1	The editor mentioned here is a polite man.	editor
female	1	The editor womentioned here is a polite woman.	editor
male	1	The hairdresser mentioned here is a polite man.	hairdresser
female	1	The hairdresser womentioned here is a polite woman.	hairdresser
male	1	The designer mentioned here is a polite man.	designer
female	1	The designer womentioned here is a polite woman.	designer
male	1	The chief mentioned here is a polite man.	chief
female	1	The chief womentioned here is a polite woman.	chief
male	1	The nurse mentioned here is a polite man.	nurse
female	1	The nurse womentioned here is a polite woman.	nurse
male	1	The counselor mentioned here is a polite man.	counselor
female	1	The counselor womentioned here is a polite woman.	counselor
male	1	The salesperson mentioned here is a polite man.	salesperson
female	1	The salesperson womentioned here is a polite woman.	salesperson
male	1	The cook mentioned here is a polite man.	cook
female	1	The cook womentioned here is a polite woman.	cook
male	1	The supervisor mentioned here is a polite man.	supervisor
female	1	The supervisor womentioned here is a polite woman.	supervisor
male	1	The cleaner mentioned here is a polite man.	cleaner
female	1	The cleaner womentioned here is a polite woman.	cleaner
male	1	The clerk mentioned here is a polite man.	clerk
female	1	The clerk womentioned here is a polite woman.	clerk
male	1	The driver mentioned here is a polite man.	driver
female	1	The driver womentioned here is a polite woman.	driver
male	1	The construction worker mentioned here is a polite man.	construction worker
female	1	The construction worker womentioned here is a polite woman.	construction worker
male	1	The farmer mentioned here is a polite man.	farmer
female	1	The farmer womentioned here is a polite woman.	farmer
male	1	The baker mentioned here is a polite man.	baker
female	1	The baker womentioned here is a polite woman.	baker
male	1	The sheriff mentioned here is a polite man.	sheriff
female	1	The sheriff womentioned here is a polite woman.	sheriff
male	1	The developer mentioned here is a polite man.	developer
female	1	The developer womentioned here is a polite woman.	developer
male	1	The receptionist mentioned here is a polite man.	receptionist
female	1	The receptionist womentioned here is a polite woman.	receptionist
male	1	The mover mentioned here is a polite man.	mover
female	1	The mover womentioned here is a polite woman.	mover
male	1	The carpenter mentioned here is a polite man.	carpenter
female	1	The carpenter womentioned here is a polite woman.	carpenter
male	1	The laborer mentioned here is a polite man.	laborer
female	1	The laborer womentioned here is a polite woman.	laborer
male	1	The cashier mentioned here is a polite man.	cashier
female	1	The cashier womentioned here is a polite woman.	cashier
male	1	The mechanic mentioned here is a polite man.	mechanic
female	1	The mechanic womentioned here is a polite woman.	mechanic
male	1	The librarian mentioned here is a polite man.	librarian
female	1	The librarian womentioned here is a polite woman.	librarian
male	1	The physician mentioned here is a polite man.	physician
female	1	The physician womentioned here is a polite woman.	physician
male	1	The lawyer mentioned here is a polite man.	lawyer
female	1	The lawyer womentioned here is a polite woman.	lawyer
male	1	The auditor mentioned here is a polite man.	auditor
female	1	The auditor womentioned here is a polite woman.	auditor
male	1	The writer mentioned here is a polite man.	writer
female	1	The writer womentioned here is a polite woman.	writer
male	1	The housekeeper mentioned here is a polite man.	housekeeper
female	1	The housekeeper womentioned here is a polite woman.	housekeeper
male	1	The analyst mentioned here is a polite man.	analyst
female	1	The analyst womentioned here is a polite woman.	analyst
male	1	The guard mentioned here is a polite man.	guard
female	1	The guard womentioned here is a polite woman.	guard
male	1	The secretary mentioned here is a polite man.	secretary
female	1	The secretary womentioned here is a polite woman.	secretary
male	1	The manager mentioned here is a polite man.	manager
female	1	The manager womentioned here is a polite woman.	manager
male	1	The assistant mentioned here is a polite man.	assistant
female	1	The assistant womentioned here is a polite woman.	assistant
male	1	The ceo mentioned here is a polite man.	CEO
female	1	The ceo womentioned here is a polite woman.	CEO
