male	2	Here, the accountant is a man.	accountant
female	2	Here, the accountant is a woman.	accountant
male	2	Here, the janitor is a man.	janitor
female	2	Here, the janitor is a woman.	janitor
male	2	Here, the tailor is a man.	tailor
female	2	Here, the tailor is a woman.	tailor
male	2	Here, the attendant is a man.	attendant
female	2	Here, the attendant is a woman.	attendant
male	2	Here, the teacher is a man.	teacher
female	2	Here, the teacher is a woman.	teacher
male	2	Here, the editor is a man.	editor
female	2	Here, the editor is a woman.	editor
male	2	Here, the hairdresser is a man.	hairdresser
female	2	Here, the hairdresser is a woman.	hairdresser
male	2	Here, the designer is a man.	designer
female	2	Here, the designer is a woman.	designer
male	2	Here, the chief is a man.	chief
female	2	Here, the chief is a woman.	chief
male	2	Here, the nurse is a man.	nurse
female	2	Here, the nurse is a woman.	nurse
male	2	Here, the counselor is a man.	counselor
female	2	Here, the counselor is a woman.	counselor
male	2	Here, the salesperson is a man.	salesperson
female	2	Here, the salesperson is a woman.	salesperson
male	2	Here, the cook is a man.	cook
female	2	Here, the cook is a woman.	cook
male	2	Here, the supervisor is a man.	supervisor
female	2	Here, the supervisor is a woman.	supervisor
male	2	Here, the cleaner is a man.	cleaner
female	2	Here, the cleaner is a woman.	cleaner
male	2	Here, the clerk is a man.	clerk
female	2	Here, the clerk is a woman.	clerk
male	2	Here, the driver is a man.	driver
female	2	Here, the driver is a woman.	driver
male	2	Here, the construction worker is a man.	construction worker
female	2	Here, the construction worker is a woman.	construction worker
male	2	Here, the farmer is a man.	farmer
female	2	Here, the farmer is a woman.	farmer
male	2	Here, the baker is a man.	baker
female	2	Here, the baker is a woman.	baker
male	2	Here, the sheriff is a man.	sheriff
female	2	Here, the sheriff is a woman.	sheriff
male	2	Here, the developer is a man.	developer
female	2	Here, the developer is a woman.	developer
male	2	Here, the receptionist is a man.	receptionist
female	2	Here, the receptionist is a woman.	receptionist
male	2	Here, the mover is a man.	mover
female	2	Here, the mover is a woman.	mover
male	2	Here, the carpenter is a man.	carpenter
female	2	Here, the carpenter is a woman.	carpenter
male	2	Here, the laborer is a man.	laborer
female	2	Here, the laborer is a woman.	laborer
male	2	Here, the cashier is a man.	cashier
female	2	Here, the cashier is a woman.	cashier
male	2	Here, the mechanic is a man.	mechanic
female	2	Here, the mechanic is a woman.	mechanic
male	2	Here, the librarian is a man.	librarian
female	2	Here, the librarian is a woman.	librarian
male	2	Here, the physician is a man.	physician
female	2	Here, the physician is a woman.	physician
male	2	Here, the lawyer is a man.	lawyer
female	2	Here, the lawyer is a woman.	lawyer
male	2	Here, the auditor is a man.	auditor
female	2	Here, the auditor is a woman.	auditor
male	2	Here, the writer is a man.	writer
female	2	Here, the writer is a woman.	writer
male	2	Here, the housekeeper is a man.	housekeeper
female	2	Here, the housekeeper is a woman.	housekeeper
male	2	Here, the analyst is a man.	analyst
female	2	Here, the analyst is a woman.	analyst
male	2	Here, the guard is a man.	guard
female	2	Here, the guard is a woman.	guard
male	2	Here, the secretary is a man.	secretary
female	2	Here, the secretary is a woman.	secretary
male	2	Here, the manager is a man.	manager
female	2	Here, the manager is a woman.	manager
male	2	Here, the assistant is a man.	assistant
female	2	Here, the assistant is a woman.	assistant
male	2	Here, the ceo is a man.	CEO
female	2	Here, the ceo is a woman.	CEO
