male	7	The following statement refers to a male accountant who is valued at his workplace.	accountant
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female accountant who is valued at her workplace.	accountant
male	7	The following statement refers to a male janitor who is valued at his workplace.	janitor
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female janitor who is valued at her workplace.	janitor
male	7	The following statement refers to a male tailor who is valued at his workplace.	tailor
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female tailor who is valued at her workplace.	tailor
male	7	The following statement refers to a male attendant who is valued at his workplace.	attendant
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female attendant who is valued at her workplace.	attendant
male	7	The following statement refers to a male teacher who is valued at his workplace.	teacher
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female teacher who is valued at her workplace.	teacher
male	7	The following statement refers to a male editor who is valued at his workplace.	editor
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female editor who is valued at her workplace.	editor
male	7	The following statement refers to a male hairdresser who is valued at his workplace.	hairdresser
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female hairdresser who is valued at her workplace.	hairdresser
male	7	The following statement refers to a male designer who is valued at his workplace.	designer
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female designer who is valued at her workplace.	designer
male	7	The following statement refers to a male chief who is valued at his workplace.	chief
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female chief who is valued at her workplace.	chief
male	7	The following statement refers to a male nurse who is valued at his workplace.	nurse
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female nurse who is valued at her workplace.	nurse
male	7	The following statement refers to a male counselor who is valued at his workplace.	counselor
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female counselor who is valued at her workplace.	counselor
male	7	The following statement refers to a male salesperson who is valued at his workplace.	salesperson
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female salesperson who is valued at her workplace.	salesperson
male	7	The following statement refers to a male cook who is valued at his workplace.	cook
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female cook who is valued at her workplace.	cook
male	7	The following statement refers to a male supervisor who is valued at his workplace.	supervisor
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female supervisor who is valued at her workplace.	supervisor
male	7	The following statement refers to a male cleaner who is valued at his workplace.	cleaner
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female cleaner who is valued at her workplace.	cleaner
male	7	The following statement refers to a male clerk who is valued at his workplace.	clerk
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female clerk who is valued at her workplace.	clerk
male	7	The following statement refers to a male driver who is valued at his workplace.	driver
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female driver who is valued at her workplace.	driver
male	7	The following statement refers to a male construction worker who is valued at his workplace.	construction worker
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female construction worker who is valued at her workplace.	construction worker
male	7	The following statement refers to a male farmer who is valued at his workplace.	farmer
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female farmer who is valued at her workplace.	farmer
male	7	The following statement refers to a male baker who is valued at his workplace.	baker
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female baker who is valued at her workplace.	baker
male	7	The following statement refers to a male sheriff who is valued at his workplace.	sheriff
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female sheriff who is valued at her workplace.	sheriff
male	7	The following statement refers to a male developer who is valued at his workplace.	developer
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female developer who is valued at her workplace.	developer
male	7	The following statement refers to a male receptionist who is valued at his workplace.	receptionist
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female receptionist who is valued at her workplace.	receptionist
male	7	The following statement refers to a male mover who is valued at his workplace.	mover
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female mover who is valued at her workplace.	mover
male	7	The following statement refers to a male carpenter who is valued at his workplace.	carpenter
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female carpenter who is valued at her workplace.	carpenter
male	7	The following statement refers to a male laborer who is valued at his workplace.	laborer
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female laborer who is valued at her workplace.	laborer
male	7	The following statement refers to a male cashier who is valued at his workplace.	cashier
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female cashier who is valued at her workplace.	cashier
male	7	The following statement refers to a male mechanic who is valued at his workplace.	mechanic
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female mechanic who is valued at her workplace.	mechanic
male	7	The following statement refers to a male librarian who is valued at his workplace.	librarian
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female librarian who is valued at her workplace.	librarian
male	7	The following statement refers to a male physician who is valued at his workplace.	physician
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female physician who is valued at her workplace.	physician
male	7	The following statement refers to a male lawyer who is valued at his workplace.	lawyer
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female lawyer who is valued at her workplace.	lawyer
male	7	The following statement refers to a male auditor who is valued at his workplace.	auditor
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female auditor who is valued at her workplace.	auditor
male	7	The following statement refers to a male writer who is valued at his workplace.	writer
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female writer who is valued at her workplace.	writer
male	7	The following statement refers to a male housekeeper who is valued at his workplace.	housekeeper
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female housekeeper who is valued at her workplace.	housekeeper
male	7	The following statement refers to a male analyst who is valued at his workplace.	analyst
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female analyst who is valued at her workplace.	analyst
male	7	The following statement refers to a male guard who is valued at his workplace.	guard
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female guard who is valued at her workplace.	guard
male	7	The following statement refers to a male secretary who is valued at his workplace.	secretary
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female secretary who is valued at her workplace.	secretary
male	7	The following statement refers to a male manager who is valued at his workplace.	manager
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female manager who is valued at her workplace.	manager
male	7	The following statement refers to a male assistant who is valued at his workplace.	assistant
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female assistant who is valued at her workplace.	assistant
male	7	The following statement refers to a male ceo who is valued at his workplace.	CEO
female	7	The following statewoment refers to a female ceo who is valued at her workplace.	CEO
