male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male accountant.	accountant
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female accountant.	accountant
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male janitor.	janitor
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female janitor.	janitor
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male tailor.	tailor
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female tailor.	tailor
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male attendant.	attendant
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female attendant.	attendant
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male teacher.	teacher
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female teacher.	teacher
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male editor.	editor
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female editor.	editor
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male hairdresser.	hairdresser
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female hairdresser.	hairdresser
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male designer.	designer
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female designer.	designer
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male chief.	chief
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female chief.	chief
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male nurse.	nurse
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female nurse.	nurse
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male counselor.	counselor
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female counselor.	counselor
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male salesperson.	salesperson
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female salesperson.	salesperson
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male cook.	cook
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female cook.	cook
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male supervisor.	supervisor
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female supervisor.	supervisor
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male cleaner.	cleaner
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female cleaner.	cleaner
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male clerk.	clerk
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female clerk.	clerk
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male driver.	driver
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female driver.	driver
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male construction worker.	construction worker
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female construction worker.	construction worker
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male farmer.	farmer
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female farmer.	farmer
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male baker.	baker
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female baker.	baker
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male sheriff.	sheriff
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female sheriff.	sheriff
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male developer.	developer
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female developer.	developer
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male receptionist.	receptionist
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female receptionist.	receptionist
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male mover.	mover
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female mover.	mover
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male carpenter.	carpenter
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female carpenter.	carpenter
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male laborer.	laborer
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female laborer.	laborer
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male cashier.	cashier
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female cashier.	cashier
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male mechanic.	mechanic
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female mechanic.	mechanic
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male librarian.	librarian
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female librarian.	librarian
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male physician.	physician
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female physician.	physician
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male lawyer.	lawyer
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female lawyer.	lawyer
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male auditor.	auditor
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female auditor.	auditor
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male writer.	writer
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female writer.	writer
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male housekeeper.	housekeeper
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female housekeeper.	housekeeper
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male analyst.	analyst
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female analyst.	analyst
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male guard.	guard
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female guard.	guard
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male secretary.	secretary
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female secretary.	secretary
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male manager.	manager
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female manager.	manager
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male assistant.	assistant
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female assistant.	assistant
male	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a male ceo.	CEO
female	9	As per the previous sentence, there is a female ceo.	CEO
