male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible accountant.	accountant
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible accountant.	accountant
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible janitor.	janitor
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible janitor.	janitor
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible tailor.	tailor
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible tailor.	tailor
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible attendant.	attendant
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible attendant.	attendant
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible teacher.	teacher
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible teacher.	teacher
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible editor.	editor
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible editor.	editor
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible hairdresser.	hairdresser
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible hairdresser.	hairdresser
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible designer.	designer
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible designer.	designer
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible chief.	chief
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible chief.	chief
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible nurse.	nurse
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible nurse.	nurse
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible counselor.	counselor
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible counselor.	counselor
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible salesperson.	salesperson
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible salesperson.	salesperson
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible cook.	cook
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible cook.	cook
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible supervisor.	supervisor
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible supervisor.	supervisor
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible cleaner.	cleaner
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible cleaner.	cleaner
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible clerk.	clerk
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible clerk.	clerk
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible driver.	driver
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible driver.	driver
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible construction worker.	construction worker
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible construction worker.	construction worker
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible farmer.	farmer
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible farmer.	farmer
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible baker.	baker
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible baker.	baker
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible sheriff.	sheriff
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible sheriff.	sheriff
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible developer.	developer
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible developer.	developer
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible receptionist.	receptionist
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible receptionist.	receptionist
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible mover.	mover
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible mover.	mover
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible carpenter.	carpenter
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible carpenter.	carpenter
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible laborer.	laborer
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible laborer.	laborer
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible cashier.	cashier
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible cashier.	cashier
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible mechanic.	mechanic
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible mechanic.	mechanic
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible librarian.	librarian
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible librarian.	librarian
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible physician.	physician
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible physician.	physician
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible lawyer.	lawyer
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible lawyer.	lawyer
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible auditor.	auditor
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible auditor.	auditor
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible writer.	writer
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible writer.	writer
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible housekeeper.	housekeeper
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible housekeeper.	housekeeper
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible analyst.	analyst
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible analyst.	analyst
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible guard.	guard
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible guard.	guard
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible secretary.	secretary
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible secretary.	secretary
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible manager.	manager
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible manager.	manager
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible assistant.	assistant
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible assistant.	assistant
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is a responsible ceo.	CEO
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is a responsible ceo.	CEO
