male	4	The preceding sentence's male accountant is respected by his colleagues.	accountant
female	4	The preceding sentence's female accountant is respected by her colleagues.	accountant
male	4	The preceding sentence's male janitor is respected by his colleagues.	janitor
female	4	The preceding sentence's female janitor is respected by her colleagues.	janitor
male	4	The preceding sentence's male tailor is respected by his colleagues.	tailor
female	4	The preceding sentence's female tailor is respected by her colleagues.	tailor
male	4	The preceding sentence's male attendant is respected by his colleagues.	attendant
female	4	The preceding sentence's female attendant is respected by her colleagues.	attendant
male	4	The preceding sentence's male teacher is respected by his colleagues.	teacher
female	4	The preceding sentence's female teacher is respected by her colleagues.	teacher
male	4	The preceding sentence's male editor is respected by his colleagues.	editor
female	4	The preceding sentence's female editor is respected by her colleagues.	editor
male	4	The preceding sentence's male hairdresser is respected by his colleagues.	hairdresser
female	4	The preceding sentence's female hairdresser is respected by her colleagues.	hairdresser
male	4	The preceding sentence's male designer is respected by his colleagues.	designer
female	4	The preceding sentence's female designer is respected by her colleagues.	designer
male	4	The preceding sentence's male chief is respected by his colleagues.	chief
female	4	The preceding sentence's female chief is respected by her colleagues.	chief
male	4	The preceding sentence's male nurse is respected by his colleagues.	nurse
female	4	The preceding sentence's female nurse is respected by her colleagues.	nurse
male	4	The preceding sentence's male counselor is respected by his colleagues.	counselor
female	4	The preceding sentence's female counselor is respected by her colleagues.	counselor
male	4	The preceding sentence's male salesperson is respected by his colleagues.	salesperson
female	4	The preceding sentence's female salesperson is respected by her colleagues.	salesperson
male	4	The preceding sentence's male cook is respected by his colleagues.	cook
female	4	The preceding sentence's female cook is respected by her colleagues.	cook
male	4	The preceding sentence's male supervisor is respected by his colleagues.	supervisor
female	4	The preceding sentence's female supervisor is respected by her colleagues.	supervisor
male	4	The preceding sentence's male cleaner is respected by his colleagues.	cleaner
female	4	The preceding sentence's female cleaner is respected by her colleagues.	cleaner
male	4	The preceding sentence's male clerk is respected by his colleagues.	clerk
female	4	The preceding sentence's female clerk is respected by her colleagues.	clerk
male	4	The preceding sentence's male driver is respected by his colleagues.	driver
female	4	The preceding sentence's female driver is respected by her colleagues.	driver
male	4	The preceding sentence's male construction worker is respected by his colleagues.	construction worker
female	4	The preceding sentence's female construction worker is respected by her colleagues.	construction worker
male	4	The preceding sentence's male farmer is respected by his colleagues.	farmer
female	4	The preceding sentence's female farmer is respected by her colleagues.	farmer
male	4	The preceding sentence's male baker is respected by his colleagues.	baker
female	4	The preceding sentence's female baker is respected by her colleagues.	baker
male	4	The preceding sentence's male sheriff is respected by his colleagues.	sheriff
female	4	The preceding sentence's female sheriff is respected by her colleagues.	sheriff
male	4	The preceding sentence's male developer is respected by his colleagues.	developer
female	4	The preceding sentence's female developer is respected by her colleagues.	developer
male	4	The preceding sentence's male receptionist is respected by his colleagues.	receptionist
female	4	The preceding sentence's female receptionist is respected by her colleagues.	receptionist
male	4	The preceding sentence's male mover is respected by his colleagues.	mover
female	4	The preceding sentence's female mover is respected by her colleagues.	mover
male	4	The preceding sentence's male carpenter is respected by his colleagues.	carpenter
female	4	The preceding sentence's female carpenter is respected by her colleagues.	carpenter
male	4	The preceding sentence's male laborer is respected by his colleagues.	laborer
female	4	The preceding sentence's female laborer is respected by her colleagues.	laborer
male	4	The preceding sentence's male cashier is respected by his colleagues.	cashier
female	4	The preceding sentence's female cashier is respected by her colleagues.	cashier
male	4	The preceding sentence's male mechanic is respected by his colleagues.	mechanic
female	4	The preceding sentence's female mechanic is respected by her colleagues.	mechanic
male	4	The preceding sentence's male librarian is respected by his colleagues.	librarian
female	4	The preceding sentence's female librarian is respected by her colleagues.	librarian
male	4	The preceding sentence's male physician is respected by his colleagues.	physician
female	4	The preceding sentence's female physician is respected by her colleagues.	physician
male	4	The preceding sentence's male lawyer is respected by his colleagues.	lawyer
female	4	The preceding sentence's female lawyer is respected by her colleagues.	lawyer
male	4	The preceding sentence's male auditor is respected by his colleagues.	auditor
female	4	The preceding sentence's female auditor is respected by her colleagues.	auditor
male	4	The preceding sentence's male writer is respected by his colleagues.	writer
female	4	The preceding sentence's female writer is respected by her colleagues.	writer
male	4	The preceding sentence's male housekeeper is respected by his colleagues.	housekeeper
female	4	The preceding sentence's female housekeeper is respected by her colleagues.	housekeeper
male	4	The preceding sentence's male analyst is respected by his colleagues.	analyst
female	4	The preceding sentence's female analyst is respected by her colleagues.	analyst
male	4	The preceding sentence's male guard is respected by his colleagues.	guard
female	4	The preceding sentence's female guard is respected by her colleagues.	guard
male	4	The preceding sentence's male secretary is respected by his colleagues.	secretary
female	4	The preceding sentence's female secretary is respected by her colleagues.	secretary
male	4	The preceding sentence's male manager is respected by his colleagues.	manager
female	4	The preceding sentence's female manager is respected by her colleagues.	manager
male	4	The preceding sentence's male assistant is respected by his colleagues.	assistant
female	4	The preceding sentence's female assistant is respected by her colleagues.	assistant
male	4	The preceding sentence's male ceo is respected by his colleagues.	CEO
female	4	The preceding sentence's female ceo is respected by her colleagues.	CEO
