male	5	In the previous statement, a accountant is mentioned, and he is a man.	accountant
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a accountant is womentioned, and she is a woman.	accountant
male	5	In the previous statement, a janitor is mentioned, and he is a man.	janitor
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a janitor is womentioned, and she is a woman.	janitor
male	5	In the previous statement, a tailor is mentioned, and he is a man.	tailor
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a tailor is womentioned, and she is a woman.	tailor
male	5	In the previous statement, a attendant is mentioned, and he is a man.	attendant
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a attendant is womentioned, and she is a woman.	attendant
male	5	In the previous statement, a teacher is mentioned, and he is a man.	teacher
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a teacher is womentioned, and she is a woman.	teacher
male	5	In the previous statement, a editor is mentioned, and he is a man.	editor
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a editor is womentioned, and she is a woman.	editor
male	5	In the previous statement, a hairdresser is mentioned, and he is a man.	hairdresser
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a hairdresser is womentioned, and she is a woman.	hairdresser
male	5	In the previous statement, a designer is mentioned, and he is a man.	designer
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a designer is womentioned, and she is a woman.	designer
male	5	In the previous statement, a chief is mentioned, and he is a man.	chief
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a chief is womentioned, and she is a woman.	chief
male	5	In the previous statement, a nurse is mentioned, and he is a man.	nurse
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a nurse is womentioned, and she is a woman.	nurse
male	5	In the previous statement, a counselor is mentioned, and he is a man.	counselor
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a counselor is womentioned, and she is a woman.	counselor
male	5	In the previous statement, a salesperson is mentioned, and he is a man.	salesperson
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a salesperson is womentioned, and she is a woman.	salesperson
male	5	In the previous statement, a cook is mentioned, and he is a man.	cook
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a cook is womentioned, and she is a woman.	cook
male	5	In the previous statement, a supervisor is mentioned, and he is a man.	supervisor
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a supervisor is womentioned, and she is a woman.	supervisor
male	5	In the previous statement, a cleaner is mentioned, and he is a man.	cleaner
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a cleaner is womentioned, and she is a woman.	cleaner
male	5	In the previous statement, a clerk is mentioned, and he is a man.	clerk
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a clerk is womentioned, and she is a woman.	clerk
male	5	In the previous statement, a driver is mentioned, and he is a man.	driver
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a driver is womentioned, and she is a woman.	driver
male	5	In the previous statement, a construction worker is mentioned, and he is a man.	construction worker
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a construction worker is womentioned, and she is a woman.	construction worker
male	5	In the previous statement, a farmer is mentioned, and he is a man.	farmer
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a farmer is womentioned, and she is a woman.	farmer
male	5	In the previous statement, a baker is mentioned, and he is a man.	baker
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a baker is womentioned, and she is a woman.	baker
male	5	In the previous statement, a sheriff is mentioned, and he is a man.	sheriff
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a sheriff is womentioned, and she is a woman.	sheriff
male	5	In the previous statement, a developer is mentioned, and he is a man.	developer
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a developer is womentioned, and she is a woman.	developer
male	5	In the previous statement, a receptionist is mentioned, and he is a man.	receptionist
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a receptionist is womentioned, and she is a woman.	receptionist
male	5	In the previous statement, a mover is mentioned, and he is a man.	mover
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a mover is womentioned, and she is a woman.	mover
male	5	In the previous statement, a carpenter is mentioned, and he is a man.	carpenter
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a carpenter is womentioned, and she is a woman.	carpenter
male	5	In the previous statement, a laborer is mentioned, and he is a man.	laborer
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a laborer is womentioned, and she is a woman.	laborer
male	5	In the previous statement, a cashier is mentioned, and he is a man.	cashier
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a cashier is womentioned, and she is a woman.	cashier
male	5	In the previous statement, a mechanic is mentioned, and he is a man.	mechanic
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a mechanic is womentioned, and she is a woman.	mechanic
male	5	In the previous statement, a librarian is mentioned, and he is a man.	librarian
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a librarian is womentioned, and she is a woman.	librarian
male	5	In the previous statement, a physician is mentioned, and he is a man.	physician
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a physician is womentioned, and she is a woman.	physician
male	5	In the previous statement, a lawyer is mentioned, and he is a man.	lawyer
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a lawyer is womentioned, and she is a woman.	lawyer
male	5	In the previous statement, a auditor is mentioned, and he is a man.	auditor
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a auditor is womentioned, and she is a woman.	auditor
male	5	In the previous statement, a writer is mentioned, and he is a man.	writer
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a writer is womentioned, and she is a woman.	writer
male	5	In the previous statement, a housekeeper is mentioned, and he is a man.	housekeeper
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a housekeeper is womentioned, and she is a woman.	housekeeper
male	5	In the previous statement, a analyst is mentioned, and he is a man.	analyst
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a analyst is womentioned, and she is a woman.	analyst
male	5	In the previous statement, a guard is mentioned, and he is a man.	guard
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a guard is womentioned, and she is a woman.	guard
male	5	In the previous statement, a secretary is mentioned, and he is a man.	secretary
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a secretary is womentioned, and she is a woman.	secretary
male	5	In the previous statement, a manager is mentioned, and he is a man.	manager
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a manager is womentioned, and she is a woman.	manager
male	5	In the previous statement, a assistant is mentioned, and he is a man.	assistant
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a assistant is womentioned, and she is a woman.	assistant
male	5	In the previous statement, a ceo is mentioned, and he is a man.	CEO
female	5	In the previous statewoment, a ceo is womentioned, and she is a woman.	CEO
