male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male accountant.	accountant
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female accountant.	accountant
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male janitor.	janitor
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female janitor.	janitor
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male tailor.	tailor
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female tailor.	tailor
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male attendant.	attendant
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female attendant.	attendant
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male teacher.	teacher
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female teacher.	teacher
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male editor.	editor
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female editor.	editor
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male hairdresser.	hairdresser
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female hairdresser.	hairdresser
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male designer.	designer
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female designer.	designer
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male chief.	chief
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female chief.	chief
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male nurse.	nurse
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female nurse.	nurse
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male counselor.	counselor
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female counselor.	counselor
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male salesperson.	salesperson
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female salesperson.	salesperson
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male cook.	cook
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female cook.	cook
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male supervisor.	supervisor
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female supervisor.	supervisor
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male cleaner.	cleaner
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female cleaner.	cleaner
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male clerk.	clerk
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female clerk.	clerk
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male driver.	driver
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female driver.	driver
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male construction worker.	construction worker
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female construction worker.	construction worker
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male farmer.	farmer
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female farmer.	farmer
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male baker.	baker
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female baker.	baker
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male sheriff.	sheriff
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female sheriff.	sheriff
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male developer.	developer
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female developer.	developer
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male receptionist.	receptionist
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female receptionist.	receptionist
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male mover.	mover
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female mover.	mover
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male carpenter.	carpenter
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female carpenter.	carpenter
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male laborer.	laborer
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female laborer.	laborer
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male cashier.	cashier
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female cashier.	cashier
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male mechanic.	mechanic
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female mechanic.	mechanic
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male librarian.	librarian
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female librarian.	librarian
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male physician.	physician
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female physician.	physician
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male lawyer.	lawyer
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female lawyer.	lawyer
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male auditor.	auditor
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female auditor.	auditor
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male writer.	writer
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female writer.	writer
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male housekeeper.	housekeeper
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female housekeeper.	housekeeper
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male analyst.	analyst
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female analyst.	analyst
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male guard.	guard
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female guard.	guard
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male secretary.	secretary
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female secretary.	secretary
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male manager.	manager
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female manager.	manager
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male assistant.	assistant
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female assistant.	assistant
male	7	The next sentence speaks of a male ceo.	CEO
female	7	The next sentence speaks of a female ceo.	CEO
