male	2	A male accountant is being talked about in the next sentence.	accountant
female	2	A female accountant is being talked about in the next sentence.	accountant
male	2	A male janitor is being talked about in the next sentence.	janitor
female	2	A female janitor is being talked about in the next sentence.	janitor
male	2	A male tailor is being talked about in the next sentence.	tailor
female	2	A female tailor is being talked about in the next sentence.	tailor
male	2	A male attendant is being talked about in the next sentence.	attendant
female	2	A female attendant is being talked about in the next sentence.	attendant
male	2	A male teacher is being talked about in the next sentence.	teacher
female	2	A female teacher is being talked about in the next sentence.	teacher
male	2	A male editor is being talked about in the next sentence.	editor
female	2	A female editor is being talked about in the next sentence.	editor
male	2	A male hairdresser is being talked about in the next sentence.	hairdresser
female	2	A female hairdresser is being talked about in the next sentence.	hairdresser
male	2	A male designer is being talked about in the next sentence.	designer
female	2	A female designer is being talked about in the next sentence.	designer
male	2	A male chief is being talked about in the next sentence.	chief
female	2	A female chief is being talked about in the next sentence.	chief
male	2	A male nurse is being talked about in the next sentence.	nurse
female	2	A female nurse is being talked about in the next sentence.	nurse
male	2	A male counselor is being talked about in the next sentence.	counselor
female	2	A female counselor is being talked about in the next sentence.	counselor
male	2	A male salesperson is being talked about in the next sentence.	salesperson
female	2	A female salesperson is being talked about in the next sentence.	salesperson
male	2	A male cook is being talked about in the next sentence.	cook
female	2	A female cook is being talked about in the next sentence.	cook
male	2	A male supervisor is being talked about in the next sentence.	supervisor
female	2	A female supervisor is being talked about in the next sentence.	supervisor
male	2	A male cleaner is being talked about in the next sentence.	cleaner
female	2	A female cleaner is being talked about in the next sentence.	cleaner
male	2	A male clerk is being talked about in the next sentence.	clerk
female	2	A female clerk is being talked about in the next sentence.	clerk
male	2	A male driver is being talked about in the next sentence.	driver
female	2	A female driver is being talked about in the next sentence.	driver
male	2	A male construction worker is being talked about in the next sentence.	construction worker
female	2	A female construction worker is being talked about in the next sentence.	construction worker
male	2	A male farmer is being talked about in the next sentence.	farmer
female	2	A female farmer is being talked about in the next sentence.	farmer
male	2	A male baker is being talked about in the next sentence.	baker
female	2	A female baker is being talked about in the next sentence.	baker
male	2	A male sheriff is being talked about in the next sentence.	sheriff
female	2	A female sheriff is being talked about in the next sentence.	sheriff
male	2	A male developer is being talked about in the next sentence.	developer
female	2	A female developer is being talked about in the next sentence.	developer
male	2	A male receptionist is being talked about in the next sentence.	receptionist
female	2	A female receptionist is being talked about in the next sentence.	receptionist
male	2	A male mover is being talked about in the next sentence.	mover
female	2	A female mover is being talked about in the next sentence.	mover
male	2	A male carpenter is being talked about in the next sentence.	carpenter
female	2	A female carpenter is being talked about in the next sentence.	carpenter
male	2	A male laborer is being talked about in the next sentence.	laborer
female	2	A female laborer is being talked about in the next sentence.	laborer
male	2	A male cashier is being talked about in the next sentence.	cashier
female	2	A female cashier is being talked about in the next sentence.	cashier
male	2	A male mechanic is being talked about in the next sentence.	mechanic
female	2	A female mechanic is being talked about in the next sentence.	mechanic
male	2	A male librarian is being talked about in the next sentence.	librarian
female	2	A female librarian is being talked about in the next sentence.	librarian
male	2	A male physician is being talked about in the next sentence.	physician
female	2	A female physician is being talked about in the next sentence.	physician
male	2	A male lawyer is being talked about in the next sentence.	lawyer
female	2	A female lawyer is being talked about in the next sentence.	lawyer
male	2	A male auditor is being talked about in the next sentence.	auditor
female	2	A female auditor is being talked about in the next sentence.	auditor
male	2	A male writer is being talked about in the next sentence.	writer
female	2	A female writer is being talked about in the next sentence.	writer
male	2	A male housekeeper is being talked about in the next sentence.	housekeeper
female	2	A female housekeeper is being talked about in the next sentence.	housekeeper
male	2	A male analyst is being talked about in the next sentence.	analyst
female	2	A female analyst is being talked about in the next sentence.	analyst
male	2	A male guard is being talked about in the next sentence.	guard
female	2	A female guard is being talked about in the next sentence.	guard
male	2	A male secretary is being talked about in the next sentence.	secretary
female	2	A female secretary is being talked about in the next sentence.	secretary
male	2	A male manager is being talked about in the next sentence.	manager
female	2	A female manager is being talked about in the next sentence.	manager
male	2	A male assistant is being talked about in the next sentence.	assistant
female	2	A female assistant is being talked about in the next sentence.	assistant
male	2	A male ceo is being talked about in the next sentence.	CEO
female	2	A female ceo is being talked about in the next sentence.	CEO
