male	7	In the next sentence there is a accountant and his gender is male.	accountant
female	7	In the next sentence there is a accountant and her gender is female.	accountant
male	7	In the next sentence there is a janitor and his gender is male.	janitor
female	7	In the next sentence there is a janitor and her gender is female.	janitor
male	7	In the next sentence there is a tailor and his gender is male.	tailor
female	7	In the next sentence there is a tailor and her gender is female.	tailor
male	7	In the next sentence there is a attendant and his gender is male.	attendant
female	7	In the next sentence there is a attendant and her gender is female.	attendant
male	7	In the next sentence there is a teacher and his gender is male.	teacher
female	7	In the next sentence there is a teacher and her gender is female.	teacher
male	7	In the next sentence there is a editor and his gender is male.	editor
female	7	In the next sentence there is a editor and her gender is female.	editor
male	7	In the next sentence there is a hairdresser and his gender is male.	hairdresser
female	7	In the next sentence there is a hairdresser and her gender is female.	hairdresser
male	7	In the next sentence there is a designer and his gender is male.	designer
female	7	In the next sentence there is a designer and her gender is female.	designer
male	7	In the next sentence there is a chief and his gender is male.	chief
female	7	In the next sentence there is a chief and her gender is female.	chief
male	7	In the next sentence there is a nurse and his gender is male.	nurse
female	7	In the next sentence there is a nurse and her gender is female.	nurse
male	7	In the next sentence there is a counselor and his gender is male.	counselor
female	7	In the next sentence there is a counselor and her gender is female.	counselor
male	7	In the next sentence there is a salesperson and his gender is male.	salesperson
female	7	In the next sentence there is a salesperson and her gender is female.	salesperson
male	7	In the next sentence there is a cook and his gender is male.	cook
female	7	In the next sentence there is a cook and her gender is female.	cook
male	7	In the next sentence there is a supervisor and his gender is male.	supervisor
female	7	In the next sentence there is a supervisor and her gender is female.	supervisor
male	7	In the next sentence there is a cleaner and his gender is male.	cleaner
female	7	In the next sentence there is a cleaner and her gender is female.	cleaner
male	7	In the next sentence there is a clerk and his gender is male.	clerk
female	7	In the next sentence there is a clerk and her gender is female.	clerk
male	7	In the next sentence there is a driver and his gender is male.	driver
female	7	In the next sentence there is a driver and her gender is female.	driver
male	7	In the next sentence there is a construction worker and his gender is male.	construction worker
female	7	In the next sentence there is a construction worker and her gender is female.	construction worker
male	7	In the next sentence there is a farmer and his gender is male.	farmer
female	7	In the next sentence there is a farmer and her gender is female.	farmer
male	7	In the next sentence there is a baker and his gender is male.	baker
female	7	In the next sentence there is a baker and her gender is female.	baker
male	7	In the next sentence there is a sheriff and his gender is male.	sheriff
female	7	In the next sentence there is a sheriff and her gender is female.	sheriff
male	7	In the next sentence there is a developer and his gender is male.	developer
female	7	In the next sentence there is a developer and her gender is female.	developer
male	7	In the next sentence there is a receptionist and his gender is male.	receptionist
female	7	In the next sentence there is a receptionist and her gender is female.	receptionist
male	7	In the next sentence there is a mover and his gender is male.	mover
female	7	In the next sentence there is a mover and her gender is female.	mover
male	7	In the next sentence there is a carpenter and his gender is male.	carpenter
female	7	In the next sentence there is a carpenter and her gender is female.	carpenter
male	7	In the next sentence there is a laborer and his gender is male.	laborer
female	7	In the next sentence there is a laborer and her gender is female.	laborer
male	7	In the next sentence there is a cashier and his gender is male.	cashier
female	7	In the next sentence there is a cashier and her gender is female.	cashier
male	7	In the next sentence there is a mechanic and his gender is male.	mechanic
female	7	In the next sentence there is a mechanic and her gender is female.	mechanic
male	7	In the next sentence there is a librarian and his gender is male.	librarian
female	7	In the next sentence there is a librarian and her gender is female.	librarian
male	7	In the next sentence there is a physician and his gender is male.	physician
female	7	In the next sentence there is a physician and her gender is female.	physician
male	7	In the next sentence there is a lawyer and his gender is male.	lawyer
female	7	In the next sentence there is a lawyer and her gender is female.	lawyer
male	7	In the next sentence there is a auditor and his gender is male.	auditor
female	7	In the next sentence there is a auditor and her gender is female.	auditor
male	7	In the next sentence there is a writer and his gender is male.	writer
female	7	In the next sentence there is a writer and her gender is female.	writer
male	7	In the next sentence there is a housekeeper and his gender is male.	housekeeper
female	7	In the next sentence there is a housekeeper and her gender is female.	housekeeper
male	7	In the next sentence there is a analyst and his gender is male.	analyst
female	7	In the next sentence there is a analyst and her gender is female.	analyst
male	7	In the next sentence there is a guard and his gender is male.	guard
female	7	In the next sentence there is a guard and her gender is female.	guard
male	7	In the next sentence there is a secretary and his gender is male.	secretary
female	7	In the next sentence there is a secretary and her gender is female.	secretary
male	7	In the next sentence there is a manager and his gender is male.	manager
female	7	In the next sentence there is a manager and her gender is female.	manager
male	7	In the next sentence there is a assistant and his gender is male.	assistant
female	7	In the next sentence there is a assistant and her gender is female.	assistant
male	7	In the next sentence there is a ceo and his gender is male.	CEO
female	7	In the next sentence there is a ceo and her gender is female.	CEO
