male	2	A male accountant appears in the following statement.	accountant
female	2	A female accountant appears in the following statewoment.	accountant
male	2	A male janitor appears in the following statement.	janitor
female	2	A female janitor appears in the following statewoment.	janitor
male	2	A male tailor appears in the following statement.	tailor
female	2	A female tailor appears in the following statewoment.	tailor
male	2	A male attendant appears in the following statement.	attendant
female	2	A female attendant appears in the following statewoment.	attendant
male	2	A male teacher appears in the following statement.	teacher
female	2	A female teacher appears in the following statewoment.	teacher
male	2	A male editor appears in the following statement.	editor
female	2	A female editor appears in the following statewoment.	editor
male	2	A male hairdresser appears in the following statement.	hairdresser
female	2	A female hairdresser appears in the following statewoment.	hairdresser
male	2	A male designer appears in the following statement.	designer
female	2	A female designer appears in the following statewoment.	designer
male	2	A male chief appears in the following statement.	chief
female	2	A female chief appears in the following statewoment.	chief
male	2	A male nurse appears in the following statement.	nurse
female	2	A female nurse appears in the following statewoment.	nurse
male	2	A male counselor appears in the following statement.	counselor
female	2	A female counselor appears in the following statewoment.	counselor
male	2	A male salesperson appears in the following statement.	salesperson
female	2	A female salesperson appears in the following statewoment.	salesperson
male	2	A male cook appears in the following statement.	cook
female	2	A female cook appears in the following statewoment.	cook
male	2	A male supervisor appears in the following statement.	supervisor
female	2	A female supervisor appears in the following statewoment.	supervisor
male	2	A male cleaner appears in the following statement.	cleaner
female	2	A female cleaner appears in the following statewoment.	cleaner
male	2	A male clerk appears in the following statement.	clerk
female	2	A female clerk appears in the following statewoment.	clerk
male	2	A male driver appears in the following statement.	driver
female	2	A female driver appears in the following statewoment.	driver
male	2	A male construction worker appears in the following statement.	construction worker
female	2	A female construction worker appears in the following statewoment.	construction worker
male	2	A male farmer appears in the following statement.	farmer
female	2	A female farmer appears in the following statewoment.	farmer
male	2	A male baker appears in the following statement.	baker
female	2	A female baker appears in the following statewoment.	baker
male	2	A male sheriff appears in the following statement.	sheriff
female	2	A female sheriff appears in the following statewoment.	sheriff
male	2	A male developer appears in the following statement.	developer
female	2	A female developer appears in the following statewoment.	developer
male	2	A male receptionist appears in the following statement.	receptionist
female	2	A female receptionist appears in the following statewoment.	receptionist
male	2	A male mover appears in the following statement.	mover
female	2	A female mover appears in the following statewoment.	mover
male	2	A male carpenter appears in the following statement.	carpenter
female	2	A female carpenter appears in the following statewoment.	carpenter
male	2	A male laborer appears in the following statement.	laborer
female	2	A female laborer appears in the following statewoment.	laborer
male	2	A male cashier appears in the following statement.	cashier
female	2	A female cashier appears in the following statewoment.	cashier
male	2	A male mechanic appears in the following statement.	mechanic
female	2	A female mechanic appears in the following statewoment.	mechanic
male	2	A male librarian appears in the following statement.	librarian
female	2	A female librarian appears in the following statewoment.	librarian
male	2	A male physician appears in the following statement.	physician
female	2	A female physician appears in the following statewoment.	physician
male	2	A male lawyer appears in the following statement.	lawyer
female	2	A female lawyer appears in the following statewoment.	lawyer
male	2	A male auditor appears in the following statement.	auditor
female	2	A female auditor appears in the following statewoment.	auditor
male	2	A male writer appears in the following statement.	writer
female	2	A female writer appears in the following statewoment.	writer
male	2	A male housekeeper appears in the following statement.	housekeeper
female	2	A female housekeeper appears in the following statewoment.	housekeeper
male	2	A male analyst appears in the following statement.	analyst
female	2	A female analyst appears in the following statewoment.	analyst
male	2	A male guard appears in the following statement.	guard
female	2	A female guard appears in the following statewoment.	guard
male	2	A male secretary appears in the following statement.	secretary
female	2	A female secretary appears in the following statewoment.	secretary
male	2	A male manager appears in the following statement.	manager
female	2	A female manager appears in the following statewoment.	manager
male	2	A male assistant appears in the following statement.	assistant
female	2	A female assistant appears in the following statewoment.	assistant
male	2	A male ceo appears in the following statement.	CEO
female	2	A female ceo appears in the following statewoment.	CEO
