male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male accountant.	accountant
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female accountant.	accountant
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male janitor.	janitor
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female janitor.	janitor
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male tailor.	tailor
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female tailor.	tailor
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male attendant.	attendant
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female attendant.	attendant
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male teacher.	teacher
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female teacher.	teacher
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male editor.	editor
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female editor.	editor
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male hairdresser.	hairdresser
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female hairdresser.	hairdresser
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male designer.	designer
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female designer.	designer
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male chief.	chief
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female chief.	chief
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male nurse.	nurse
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female nurse.	nurse
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male counselor.	counselor
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female counselor.	counselor
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male salesperson.	salesperson
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female salesperson.	salesperson
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male cook.	cook
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female cook.	cook
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male supervisor.	supervisor
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female supervisor.	supervisor
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male cleaner.	cleaner
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female cleaner.	cleaner
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male clerk.	clerk
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female clerk.	clerk
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male driver.	driver
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female driver.	driver
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male construction worker.	construction worker
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female construction worker.	construction worker
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male farmer.	farmer
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female farmer.	farmer
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male baker.	baker
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female baker.	baker
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male sheriff.	sheriff
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female sheriff.	sheriff
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male developer.	developer
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female developer.	developer
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male receptionist.	receptionist
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female receptionist.	receptionist
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male mover.	mover
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female mover.	mover
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male carpenter.	carpenter
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female carpenter.	carpenter
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male laborer.	laborer
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female laborer.	laborer
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male cashier.	cashier
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female cashier.	cashier
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male mechanic.	mechanic
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female mechanic.	mechanic
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male librarian.	librarian
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female librarian.	librarian
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male physician.	physician
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female physician.	physician
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male lawyer.	lawyer
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female lawyer.	lawyer
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male auditor.	auditor
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female auditor.	auditor
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male writer.	writer
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female writer.	writer
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male housekeeper.	housekeeper
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female housekeeper.	housekeeper
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male analyst.	analyst
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female analyst.	analyst
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male guard.	guard
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female guard.	guard
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male secretary.	secretary
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female secretary.	secretary
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male manager.	manager
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female manager.	manager
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male assistant.	assistant
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female assistant.	assistant
male	8	In the following phrase is a modest male ceo.	CEO
female	8	In the following phrase is a modest female ceo.	CEO
