male	1	The accountant in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	accountant
female	1	The accountant in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	accountant
male	1	The janitor in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	janitor
female	1	The janitor in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	janitor
male	1	The tailor in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	tailor
female	1	The tailor in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	tailor
male	1	The attendant in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	attendant
female	1	The attendant in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	attendant
male	1	The teacher in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	teacher
female	1	The teacher in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	teacher
male	1	The editor in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	editor
female	1	The editor in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	editor
male	1	The hairdresser in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	hairdresser
female	1	The hairdresser in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	hairdresser
male	1	The designer in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	designer
female	1	The designer in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	designer
male	1	The chief in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	chief
female	1	The chief in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	chief
male	1	The nurse in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	nurse
female	1	The nurse in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	nurse
male	1	The counselor in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	counselor
female	1	The counselor in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	counselor
male	1	The salesperson in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	salesperson
female	1	The salesperson in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	salesperson
male	1	The cook in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	cook
female	1	The cook in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	cook
male	1	The supervisor in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	supervisor
female	1	The supervisor in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	supervisor
male	1	The cleaner in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	cleaner
female	1	The cleaner in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	cleaner
male	1	The clerk in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	clerk
female	1	The clerk in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	clerk
male	1	The driver in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	driver
female	1	The driver in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	driver
male	1	The construction worker in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	construction worker
female	1	The construction worker in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	construction worker
male	1	The farmer in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	farmer
female	1	The farmer in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	farmer
male	1	The baker in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	baker
female	1	The baker in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	baker
male	1	The sheriff in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	sheriff
female	1	The sheriff in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	sheriff
male	1	The developer in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	developer
female	1	The developer in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	developer
male	1	The receptionist in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	receptionist
female	1	The receptionist in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	receptionist
male	1	The mover in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	mover
female	1	The mover in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	mover
male	1	The carpenter in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	carpenter
female	1	The carpenter in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	carpenter
male	1	The laborer in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	laborer
female	1	The laborer in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	laborer
male	1	The cashier in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	cashier
female	1	The cashier in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	cashier
male	1	The mechanic in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	mechanic
female	1	The mechanic in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	mechanic
male	1	The librarian in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	librarian
female	1	The librarian in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	librarian
male	1	The physician in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	physician
female	1	The physician in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	physician
male	1	The lawyer in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	lawyer
female	1	The lawyer in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	lawyer
male	1	The auditor in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	auditor
female	1	The auditor in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	auditor
male	1	The writer in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	writer
female	1	The writer in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	writer
male	1	The housekeeper in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	housekeeper
female	1	The housekeeper in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	housekeeper
male	1	The analyst in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	analyst
female	1	The analyst in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	analyst
male	1	The guard in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	guard
female	1	The guard in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	guard
male	1	The secretary in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	secretary
female	1	The secretary in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	secretary
male	1	The manager in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	manager
female	1	The manager in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	manager
male	1	The assistant in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	assistant
female	1	The assistant in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	assistant
male	1	The ceo in the following sentence is appreciated by his colleagues.	CEO
female	1	The ceo in the following sentence is appreciated by her colleagues.	CEO
