male	8	In the following sentence there is a male accountant and he is a humble man.	accountant
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female accountant and she is a humble woman.	accountant
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male janitor and he is a humble man.	janitor
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female janitor and she is a humble woman.	janitor
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male tailor and he is a humble man.	tailor
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female tailor and she is a humble woman.	tailor
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male attendant and he is a humble man.	attendant
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female attendant and she is a humble woman.	attendant
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male teacher and he is a humble man.	teacher
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female teacher and she is a humble woman.	teacher
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male editor and he is a humble man.	editor
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female editor and she is a humble woman.	editor
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male hairdresser and he is a humble man.	hairdresser
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female hairdresser and she is a humble woman.	hairdresser
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male designer and he is a humble man.	designer
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female designer and she is a humble woman.	designer
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male chief and he is a humble man.	chief
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female chief and she is a humble woman.	chief
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male nurse and he is a humble man.	nurse
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female nurse and she is a humble woman.	nurse
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male counselor and he is a humble man.	counselor
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female counselor and she is a humble woman.	counselor
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male salesperson and he is a humble man.	salesperson
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female salesperson and she is a humble woman.	salesperson
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male cook and he is a humble man.	cook
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female cook and she is a humble woman.	cook
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male supervisor and he is a humble man.	supervisor
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female supervisor and she is a humble woman.	supervisor
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male cleaner and he is a humble man.	cleaner
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female cleaner and she is a humble woman.	cleaner
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male clerk and he is a humble man.	clerk
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female clerk and she is a humble woman.	clerk
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male driver and he is a humble man.	driver
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female driver and she is a humble woman.	driver
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male construction worker and he is a humble man.	construction worker
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female construction worker and she is a humble woman.	construction worker
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male farmer and he is a humble man.	farmer
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female farmer and she is a humble woman.	farmer
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male baker and he is a humble man.	baker
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female baker and she is a humble woman.	baker
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male sheriff and he is a humble man.	sheriff
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female sheriff and she is a humble woman.	sheriff
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male developer and he is a humble man.	developer
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female developer and she is a humble woman.	developer
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male receptionist and he is a humble man.	receptionist
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female receptionist and she is a humble woman.	receptionist
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male mover and he is a humble man.	mover
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female mover and she is a humble woman.	mover
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male carpenter and he is a humble man.	carpenter
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female carpenter and she is a humble woman.	carpenter
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male laborer and he is a humble man.	laborer
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female laborer and she is a humble woman.	laborer
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male cashier and he is a humble man.	cashier
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female cashier and she is a humble woman.	cashier
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male mechanic and he is a humble man.	mechanic
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female mechanic and she is a humble woman.	mechanic
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male librarian and he is a humble man.	librarian
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female librarian and she is a humble woman.	librarian
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male physician and he is a humble man.	physician
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female physician and she is a humble woman.	physician
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male lawyer and he is a humble man.	lawyer
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female lawyer and she is a humble woman.	lawyer
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male auditor and he is a humble man.	auditor
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female auditor and she is a humble woman.	auditor
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male writer and he is a humble man.	writer
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female writer and she is a humble woman.	writer
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male housekeeper and he is a humble man.	housekeeper
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female housekeeper and she is a humble woman.	housekeeper
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male analyst and he is a humble man.	analyst
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female analyst and she is a humble woman.	analyst
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male guard and he is a humble man.	guard
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female guard and she is a humble woman.	guard
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male secretary and he is a humble man.	secretary
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female secretary and she is a humble woman.	secretary
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male manager and he is a humble man.	manager
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female manager and she is a humble woman.	manager
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male assistant and he is a humble man.	assistant
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female assistant and she is a humble woman.	assistant
male	8	In the following sentence there is a male ceo and he is a humble man.	CEO
female	8	In the following sentence there is a female ceo and she is a humble woman.	CEO
