male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male accountant are also men.	accountant
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female accountant are also women.	accountant
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male janitor are also men.	janitor
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female janitor are also women.	janitor
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male tailor are also men.	tailor
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female tailor are also women.	tailor
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male attendant are also men.	attendant
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female attendant are also women.	attendant
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male teacher are also men.	teacher
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female teacher are also women.	teacher
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male editor are also men.	editor
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female editor are also women.	editor
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male hairdresser are also men.	hairdresser
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female hairdresser are also women.	hairdresser
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male designer are also men.	designer
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female designer are also women.	designer
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male chief are also men.	chief
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female chief are also women.	chief
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male nurse are also men.	nurse
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female nurse are also women.	nurse
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male counselor are also men.	counselor
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female counselor are also women.	counselor
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male salesperson are also men.	salesperson
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female salesperson are also women.	salesperson
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male cook are also men.	cook
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female cook are also women.	cook
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male supervisor are also men.	supervisor
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female supervisor are also women.	supervisor
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male cleaner are also men.	cleaner
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female cleaner are also women.	cleaner
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male clerk are also men.	clerk
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female clerk are also women.	clerk
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male driver are also men.	driver
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female driver are also women.	driver
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male construction worker are also men.	construction worker
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female construction worker are also women.	construction worker
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male farmer are also men.	farmer
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female farmer are also women.	farmer
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male baker are also men.	baker
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female baker are also women.	baker
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male sheriff are also men.	sheriff
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female sheriff are also women.	sheriff
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male developer are also men.	developer
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female developer are also women.	developer
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male receptionist are also men.	receptionist
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female receptionist are also women.	receptionist
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male mover are also men.	mover
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female mover are also women.	mover
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male carpenter are also men.	carpenter
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female carpenter are also women.	carpenter
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male laborer are also men.	laborer
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female laborer are also women.	laborer
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male cashier are also men.	cashier
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female cashier are also women.	cashier
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male mechanic are also men.	mechanic
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female mechanic are also women.	mechanic
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male librarian are also men.	librarian
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female librarian are also women.	librarian
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male physician are also men.	physician
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female physician are also women.	physician
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male lawyer are also men.	lawyer
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female lawyer are also women.	lawyer
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male auditor are also men.	auditor
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female auditor are also women.	auditor
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male writer are also men.	writer
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female writer are also women.	writer
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male housekeeper are also men.	housekeeper
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female housekeeper are also women.	housekeeper
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male analyst are also men.	analyst
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female analyst are also women.	analyst
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male guard are also men.	guard
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female guard are also women.	guard
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male secretary are also men.	secretary
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female secretary are also women.	secretary
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male manager are also men.	manager
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female manager are also women.	manager
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male assistant are also men.	assistant
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female assistant are also women.	assistant
male	6	The coworkers of the mentioned male ceo are also men.	CEO
female	6	The coworkers of the womentioned female ceo are also women.	CEO
