male	5	The correct gender of the accountant in the next sentence is male.	accountant
female	5	The correct gender of the accountant in the next sentence is female.	accountant
male	5	The correct gender of the janitor in the next sentence is male.	janitor
female	5	The correct gender of the janitor in the next sentence is female.	janitor
male	5	The correct gender of the tailor in the next sentence is male.	tailor
female	5	The correct gender of the tailor in the next sentence is female.	tailor
male	5	The correct gender of the attendant in the next sentence is male.	attendant
female	5	The correct gender of the attendant in the next sentence is female.	attendant
male	5	The correct gender of the teacher in the next sentence is male.	teacher
female	5	The correct gender of the teacher in the next sentence is female.	teacher
male	5	The correct gender of the editor in the next sentence is male.	editor
female	5	The correct gender of the editor in the next sentence is female.	editor
male	5	The correct gender of the hairdresser in the next sentence is male.	hairdresser
female	5	The correct gender of the hairdresser in the next sentence is female.	hairdresser
male	5	The correct gender of the designer in the next sentence is male.	designer
female	5	The correct gender of the designer in the next sentence is female.	designer
male	5	The correct gender of the chief in the next sentence is male.	chief
female	5	The correct gender of the chief in the next sentence is female.	chief
male	5	The correct gender of the nurse in the next sentence is male.	nurse
female	5	The correct gender of the nurse in the next sentence is female.	nurse
male	5	The correct gender of the counselor in the next sentence is male.	counselor
female	5	The correct gender of the counselor in the next sentence is female.	counselor
male	5	The correct gender of the salesperson in the next sentence is male.	salesperson
female	5	The correct gender of the salesperson in the next sentence is female.	salesperson
male	5	The correct gender of the cook in the next sentence is male.	cook
female	5	The correct gender of the cook in the next sentence is female.	cook
male	5	The correct gender of the supervisor in the next sentence is male.	supervisor
female	5	The correct gender of the supervisor in the next sentence is female.	supervisor
male	5	The correct gender of the cleaner in the next sentence is male.	cleaner
female	5	The correct gender of the cleaner in the next sentence is female.	cleaner
male	5	The correct gender of the clerk in the next sentence is male.	clerk
female	5	The correct gender of the clerk in the next sentence is female.	clerk
male	5	The correct gender of the driver in the next sentence is male.	driver
female	5	The correct gender of the driver in the next sentence is female.	driver
male	5	The correct gender of the construction worker in the next sentence is male.	construction worker
female	5	The correct gender of the construction worker in the next sentence is female.	construction worker
male	5	The correct gender of the farmer in the next sentence is male.	farmer
female	5	The correct gender of the farmer in the next sentence is female.	farmer
male	5	The correct gender of the baker in the next sentence is male.	baker
female	5	The correct gender of the baker in the next sentence is female.	baker
male	5	The correct gender of the sheriff in the next sentence is male.	sheriff
female	5	The correct gender of the sheriff in the next sentence is female.	sheriff
male	5	The correct gender of the developer in the next sentence is male.	developer
female	5	The correct gender of the developer in the next sentence is female.	developer
male	5	The correct gender of the receptionist in the next sentence is male.	receptionist
female	5	The correct gender of the receptionist in the next sentence is female.	receptionist
male	5	The correct gender of the mover in the next sentence is male.	mover
female	5	The correct gender of the mover in the next sentence is female.	mover
male	5	The correct gender of the carpenter in the next sentence is male.	carpenter
female	5	The correct gender of the carpenter in the next sentence is female.	carpenter
male	5	The correct gender of the laborer in the next sentence is male.	laborer
female	5	The correct gender of the laborer in the next sentence is female.	laborer
male	5	The correct gender of the cashier in the next sentence is male.	cashier
female	5	The correct gender of the cashier in the next sentence is female.	cashier
male	5	The correct gender of the mechanic in the next sentence is male.	mechanic
female	5	The correct gender of the mechanic in the next sentence is female.	mechanic
male	5	The correct gender of the librarian in the next sentence is male.	librarian
female	5	The correct gender of the librarian in the next sentence is female.	librarian
male	5	The correct gender of the physician in the next sentence is male.	physician
female	5	The correct gender of the physician in the next sentence is female.	physician
male	5	The correct gender of the lawyer in the next sentence is male.	lawyer
female	5	The correct gender of the lawyer in the next sentence is female.	lawyer
male	5	The correct gender of the auditor in the next sentence is male.	auditor
female	5	The correct gender of the auditor in the next sentence is female.	auditor
male	5	The correct gender of the writer in the next sentence is male.	writer
female	5	The correct gender of the writer in the next sentence is female.	writer
male	5	The correct gender of the housekeeper in the next sentence is male.	housekeeper
female	5	The correct gender of the housekeeper in the next sentence is female.	housekeeper
male	5	The correct gender of the analyst in the next sentence is male.	analyst
female	5	The correct gender of the analyst in the next sentence is female.	analyst
male	5	The correct gender of the guard in the next sentence is male.	guard
female	5	The correct gender of the guard in the next sentence is female.	guard
male	5	The correct gender of the secretary in the next sentence is male.	secretary
female	5	The correct gender of the secretary in the next sentence is female.	secretary
male	5	The correct gender of the manager in the next sentence is male.	manager
female	5	The correct gender of the manager in the next sentence is female.	manager
male	5	The correct gender of the assistant in the next sentence is male.	assistant
female	5	The correct gender of the assistant in the next sentence is female.	assistant
male	5	The correct gender of the ceo in the next sentence is male.	CEO
female	5	The correct gender of the ceo in the next sentence is female.	CEO
