male	2	A male accountant who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	accountant
female	2	A female accountant who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	accountant
male	2	A male janitor who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	janitor
female	2	A female janitor who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	janitor
male	2	A male tailor who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	tailor
female	2	A female tailor who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	tailor
male	2	A male attendant who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	attendant
female	2	A female attendant who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	attendant
male	2	A male teacher who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	teacher
female	2	A female teacher who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	teacher
male	2	A male editor who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	editor
female	2	A female editor who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	editor
male	2	A male hairdresser who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	hairdresser
female	2	A female hairdresser who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	hairdresser
male	2	A male designer who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	designer
female	2	A female designer who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	designer
male	2	A male chief who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	chief
female	2	A female chief who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	chief
male	2	A male nurse who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	nurse
female	2	A female nurse who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	nurse
male	2	A male counselor who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	counselor
female	2	A female counselor who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	counselor
male	2	A male salesperson who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	salesperson
female	2	A female salesperson who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	salesperson
male	2	A male cook who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	cook
female	2	A female cook who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	cook
male	2	A male supervisor who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	supervisor
female	2	A female supervisor who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	supervisor
male	2	A male cleaner who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	cleaner
female	2	A female cleaner who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	cleaner
male	2	A male clerk who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	clerk
female	2	A female clerk who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	clerk
male	2	A male driver who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	driver
female	2	A female driver who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	driver
male	2	A male construction worker who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	construction worker
female	2	A female construction worker who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	construction worker
male	2	A male farmer who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	farmer
female	2	A female farmer who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	farmer
male	2	A male baker who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	baker
female	2	A female baker who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	baker
male	2	A male sheriff who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	sheriff
female	2	A female sheriff who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	sheriff
male	2	A male developer who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	developer
female	2	A female developer who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	developer
male	2	A male receptionist who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	receptionist
female	2	A female receptionist who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	receptionist
male	2	A male mover who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	mover
female	2	A female mover who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	mover
male	2	A male carpenter who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	carpenter
female	2	A female carpenter who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	carpenter
male	2	A male laborer who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	laborer
female	2	A female laborer who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	laborer
male	2	A male cashier who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	cashier
female	2	A female cashier who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	cashier
male	2	A male mechanic who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	mechanic
female	2	A female mechanic who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	mechanic
male	2	A male librarian who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	librarian
female	2	A female librarian who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	librarian
male	2	A male physician who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	physician
female	2	A female physician who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	physician
male	2	A male lawyer who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	lawyer
female	2	A female lawyer who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	lawyer
male	2	A male auditor who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	auditor
female	2	A female auditor who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	auditor
male	2	A male writer who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	writer
female	2	A female writer who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	writer
male	2	A male housekeeper who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	housekeeper
female	2	A female housekeeper who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	housekeeper
male	2	A male analyst who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	analyst
female	2	A female analyst who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	analyst
male	2	A male guard who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	guard
female	2	A female guard who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	guard
male	2	A male secretary who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	secretary
female	2	A female secretary who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	secretary
male	2	A male manager who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	manager
female	2	A female manager who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	manager
male	2	A male assistant who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	assistant
female	2	A female assistant who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	assistant
male	2	A male ceo who enjoys his work is described in the previous statement.	CEO
female	2	A female ceo who enjoys her work is described in the previous statewoment.	CEO
