male	2	The mentioned accountant and his colleagues are honest men.	accountant
female	2	The womentioned accountant and her colleagues are honest women.	accountant
male	2	The mentioned janitor and his colleagues are honest men.	janitor
female	2	The womentioned janitor and her colleagues are honest women.	janitor
male	2	The mentioned tailor and his colleagues are honest men.	tailor
female	2	The womentioned tailor and her colleagues are honest women.	tailor
male	2	The mentioned attendant and his colleagues are honest men.	attendant
female	2	The womentioned attendant and her colleagues are honest women.	attendant
male	2	The mentioned teacher and his colleagues are honest men.	teacher
female	2	The womentioned teacher and her colleagues are honest women.	teacher
male	2	The mentioned editor and his colleagues are honest men.	editor
female	2	The womentioned editor and her colleagues are honest women.	editor
male	2	The mentioned hairdresser and his colleagues are honest men.	hairdresser
female	2	The womentioned hairdresser and her colleagues are honest women.	hairdresser
male	2	The mentioned designer and his colleagues are honest men.	designer
female	2	The womentioned designer and her colleagues are honest women.	designer
male	2	The mentioned chief and his colleagues are honest men.	chief
female	2	The womentioned chief and her colleagues are honest women.	chief
male	2	The mentioned nurse and his colleagues are honest men.	nurse
female	2	The womentioned nurse and her colleagues are honest women.	nurse
male	2	The mentioned counselor and his colleagues are honest men.	counselor
female	2	The womentioned counselor and her colleagues are honest women.	counselor
male	2	The mentioned salesperson and his colleagues are honest men.	salesperson
female	2	The womentioned salesperson and her colleagues are honest women.	salesperson
male	2	The mentioned cook and his colleagues are honest men.	cook
female	2	The womentioned cook and her colleagues are honest women.	cook
male	2	The mentioned supervisor and his colleagues are honest men.	supervisor
female	2	The womentioned supervisor and her colleagues are honest women.	supervisor
male	2	The mentioned cleaner and his colleagues are honest men.	cleaner
female	2	The womentioned cleaner and her colleagues are honest women.	cleaner
male	2	The mentioned clerk and his colleagues are honest men.	clerk
female	2	The womentioned clerk and her colleagues are honest women.	clerk
male	2	The mentioned driver and his colleagues are honest men.	driver
female	2	The womentioned driver and her colleagues are honest women.	driver
male	2	The mentioned construction worker and his colleagues are honest men.	construction worker
female	2	The womentioned construction worker and her colleagues are honest women.	construction worker
male	2	The mentioned farmer and his colleagues are honest men.	farmer
female	2	The womentioned farmer and her colleagues are honest women.	farmer
male	2	The mentioned baker and his colleagues are honest men.	baker
female	2	The womentioned baker and her colleagues are honest women.	baker
male	2	The mentioned sheriff and his colleagues are honest men.	sheriff
female	2	The womentioned sheriff and her colleagues are honest women.	sheriff
male	2	The mentioned developer and his colleagues are honest men.	developer
female	2	The womentioned developer and her colleagues are honest women.	developer
male	2	The mentioned receptionist and his colleagues are honest men.	receptionist
female	2	The womentioned receptionist and her colleagues are honest women.	receptionist
male	2	The mentioned mover and his colleagues are honest men.	mover
female	2	The womentioned mover and her colleagues are honest women.	mover
male	2	The mentioned carpenter and his colleagues are honest men.	carpenter
female	2	The womentioned carpenter and her colleagues are honest women.	carpenter
male	2	The mentioned laborer and his colleagues are honest men.	laborer
female	2	The womentioned laborer and her colleagues are honest women.	laborer
male	2	The mentioned cashier and his colleagues are honest men.	cashier
female	2	The womentioned cashier and her colleagues are honest women.	cashier
male	2	The mentioned mechanic and his colleagues are honest men.	mechanic
female	2	The womentioned mechanic and her colleagues are honest women.	mechanic
male	2	The mentioned librarian and his colleagues are honest men.	librarian
female	2	The womentioned librarian and her colleagues are honest women.	librarian
male	2	The mentioned physician and his colleagues are honest men.	physician
female	2	The womentioned physician and her colleagues are honest women.	physician
male	2	The mentioned lawyer and his colleagues are honest men.	lawyer
female	2	The womentioned lawyer and her colleagues are honest women.	lawyer
male	2	The mentioned auditor and his colleagues are honest men.	auditor
female	2	The womentioned auditor and her colleagues are honest women.	auditor
male	2	The mentioned writer and his colleagues are honest men.	writer
female	2	The womentioned writer and her colleagues are honest women.	writer
male	2	The mentioned housekeeper and his colleagues are honest men.	housekeeper
female	2	The womentioned housekeeper and her colleagues are honest women.	housekeeper
male	2	The mentioned analyst and his colleagues are honest men.	analyst
female	2	The womentioned analyst and her colleagues are honest women.	analyst
male	2	The mentioned guard and his colleagues are honest men.	guard
female	2	The womentioned guard and her colleagues are honest women.	guard
male	2	The mentioned secretary and his colleagues are honest men.	secretary
female	2	The womentioned secretary and her colleagues are honest women.	secretary
male	2	The mentioned manager and his colleagues are honest men.	manager
female	2	The womentioned manager and her colleagues are honest women.	manager
male	2	The mentioned assistant and his colleagues are honest men.	assistant
female	2	The womentioned assistant and her colleagues are honest women.	assistant
male	2	The mentioned ceo and his colleagues are honest men.	CEO
female	2	The womentioned ceo and her colleagues are honest women.	CEO
