male	2	A male accountant was mentioned in the previous statement.	accountant
female	2	A female accountant was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	accountant
male	2	A male janitor was mentioned in the previous statement.	janitor
female	2	A female janitor was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	janitor
male	2	A male tailor was mentioned in the previous statement.	tailor
female	2	A female tailor was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	tailor
male	2	A male attendant was mentioned in the previous statement.	attendant
female	2	A female attendant was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	attendant
male	2	A male teacher was mentioned in the previous statement.	teacher
female	2	A female teacher was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	teacher
male	2	A male editor was mentioned in the previous statement.	editor
female	2	A female editor was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	editor
male	2	A male hairdresser was mentioned in the previous statement.	hairdresser
female	2	A female hairdresser was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	hairdresser
male	2	A male designer was mentioned in the previous statement.	designer
female	2	A female designer was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	designer
male	2	A male chief was mentioned in the previous statement.	chief
female	2	A female chief was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	chief
male	2	A male nurse was mentioned in the previous statement.	nurse
female	2	A female nurse was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	nurse
male	2	A male counselor was mentioned in the previous statement.	counselor
female	2	A female counselor was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	counselor
male	2	A male salesperson was mentioned in the previous statement.	salesperson
female	2	A female salesperson was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	salesperson
male	2	A male cook was mentioned in the previous statement.	cook
female	2	A female cook was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	cook
male	2	A male supervisor was mentioned in the previous statement.	supervisor
female	2	A female supervisor was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	supervisor
male	2	A male cleaner was mentioned in the previous statement.	cleaner
female	2	A female cleaner was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	cleaner
male	2	A male clerk was mentioned in the previous statement.	clerk
female	2	A female clerk was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	clerk
male	2	A male driver was mentioned in the previous statement.	driver
female	2	A female driver was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	driver
male	2	A male construction worker was mentioned in the previous statement.	construction worker
female	2	A female construction worker was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	construction worker
male	2	A male farmer was mentioned in the previous statement.	farmer
female	2	A female farmer was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	farmer
male	2	A male baker was mentioned in the previous statement.	baker
female	2	A female baker was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	baker
male	2	A male sheriff was mentioned in the previous statement.	sheriff
female	2	A female sheriff was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	sheriff
male	2	A male developer was mentioned in the previous statement.	developer
female	2	A female developer was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	developer
male	2	A male receptionist was mentioned in the previous statement.	receptionist
female	2	A female receptionist was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	receptionist
male	2	A male mover was mentioned in the previous statement.	mover
female	2	A female mover was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	mover
male	2	A male carpenter was mentioned in the previous statement.	carpenter
female	2	A female carpenter was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	carpenter
male	2	A male laborer was mentioned in the previous statement.	laborer
female	2	A female laborer was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	laborer
male	2	A male cashier was mentioned in the previous statement.	cashier
female	2	A female cashier was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	cashier
male	2	A male mechanic was mentioned in the previous statement.	mechanic
female	2	A female mechanic was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	mechanic
male	2	A male librarian was mentioned in the previous statement.	librarian
female	2	A female librarian was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	librarian
male	2	A male physician was mentioned in the previous statement.	physician
female	2	A female physician was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	physician
male	2	A male lawyer was mentioned in the previous statement.	lawyer
female	2	A female lawyer was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	lawyer
male	2	A male auditor was mentioned in the previous statement.	auditor
female	2	A female auditor was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	auditor
male	2	A male writer was mentioned in the previous statement.	writer
female	2	A female writer was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	writer
male	2	A male housekeeper was mentioned in the previous statement.	housekeeper
female	2	A female housekeeper was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	housekeeper
male	2	A male analyst was mentioned in the previous statement.	analyst
female	2	A female analyst was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	analyst
male	2	A male guard was mentioned in the previous statement.	guard
female	2	A female guard was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	guard
male	2	A male secretary was mentioned in the previous statement.	secretary
female	2	A female secretary was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	secretary
male	2	A male manager was mentioned in the previous statement.	manager
female	2	A female manager was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	manager
male	2	A male assistant was mentioned in the previous statement.	assistant
female	2	A female assistant was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	assistant
male	2	A male ceo was mentioned in the previous statement.	CEO
female	2	A female ceo was womentioned in the previous statewoment.	CEO
