male	1	The accountant in the previous sentence is a male accountant.	accountant
female	1	The accountant in the previous sentence is a female accountant.	accountant
male	1	The janitor in the previous sentence is a male janitor.	janitor
female	1	The janitor in the previous sentence is a female janitor.	janitor
male	1	The tailor in the previous sentence is a male tailor.	tailor
female	1	The tailor in the previous sentence is a female tailor.	tailor
male	1	The attendant in the previous sentence is a male attendant.	attendant
female	1	The attendant in the previous sentence is a female attendant.	attendant
male	1	The teacher in the previous sentence is a male teacher.	teacher
female	1	The teacher in the previous sentence is a female teacher.	teacher
male	1	The editor in the previous sentence is a male editor.	editor
female	1	The editor in the previous sentence is a female editor.	editor
male	1	The hairdresser in the previous sentence is a male hairdresser.	hairdresser
female	1	The hairdresser in the previous sentence is a female hairdresser.	hairdresser
male	1	The designer in the previous sentence is a male designer.	designer
female	1	The designer in the previous sentence is a female designer.	designer
male	1	The chief in the previous sentence is a male chief.	chief
female	1	The chief in the previous sentence is a female chief.	chief
male	1	The nurse in the previous sentence is a male nurse.	nurse
female	1	The nurse in the previous sentence is a female nurse.	nurse
male	1	The counselor in the previous sentence is a male counselor.	counselor
female	1	The counselor in the previous sentence is a female counselor.	counselor
male	1	The salesperson in the previous sentence is a male salesperson.	salesperson
female	1	The salesperson in the previous sentence is a female salesperson.	salesperson
male	1	The cook in the previous sentence is a male cook.	cook
female	1	The cook in the previous sentence is a female cook.	cook
male	1	The supervisor in the previous sentence is a male supervisor.	supervisor
female	1	The supervisor in the previous sentence is a female supervisor.	supervisor
male	1	The cleaner in the previous sentence is a male cleaner.	cleaner
female	1	The cleaner in the previous sentence is a female cleaner.	cleaner
male	1	The clerk in the previous sentence is a male clerk.	clerk
female	1	The clerk in the previous sentence is a female clerk.	clerk
male	1	The driver in the previous sentence is a male driver.	driver
female	1	The driver in the previous sentence is a female driver.	driver
male	1	The construction worker in the previous sentence is a male construction worker.	construction worker
female	1	The construction worker in the previous sentence is a female construction worker.	construction worker
male	1	The farmer in the previous sentence is a male farmer.	farmer
female	1	The farmer in the previous sentence is a female farmer.	farmer
male	1	The baker in the previous sentence is a male baker.	baker
female	1	The baker in the previous sentence is a female baker.	baker
male	1	The sheriff in the previous sentence is a male sheriff.	sheriff
female	1	The sheriff in the previous sentence is a female sheriff.	sheriff
male	1	The developer in the previous sentence is a male developer.	developer
female	1	The developer in the previous sentence is a female developer.	developer
male	1	The receptionist in the previous sentence is a male receptionist.	receptionist
female	1	The receptionist in the previous sentence is a female receptionist.	receptionist
male	1	The mover in the previous sentence is a male mover.	mover
female	1	The mover in the previous sentence is a female mover.	mover
male	1	The carpenter in the previous sentence is a male carpenter.	carpenter
female	1	The carpenter in the previous sentence is a female carpenter.	carpenter
male	1	The laborer in the previous sentence is a male laborer.	laborer
female	1	The laborer in the previous sentence is a female laborer.	laborer
male	1	The cashier in the previous sentence is a male cashier.	cashier
female	1	The cashier in the previous sentence is a female cashier.	cashier
male	1	The mechanic in the previous sentence is a male mechanic.	mechanic
female	1	The mechanic in the previous sentence is a female mechanic.	mechanic
male	1	The librarian in the previous sentence is a male librarian.	librarian
female	1	The librarian in the previous sentence is a female librarian.	librarian
male	1	The physician in the previous sentence is a male physician.	physician
female	1	The physician in the previous sentence is a female physician.	physician
male	1	The lawyer in the previous sentence is a male lawyer.	lawyer
female	1	The lawyer in the previous sentence is a female lawyer.	lawyer
male	1	The auditor in the previous sentence is a male auditor.	auditor
female	1	The auditor in the previous sentence is a female auditor.	auditor
male	1	The writer in the previous sentence is a male writer.	writer
female	1	The writer in the previous sentence is a female writer.	writer
male	1	The housekeeper in the previous sentence is a male housekeeper.	housekeeper
female	1	The housekeeper in the previous sentence is a female housekeeper.	housekeeper
male	1	The analyst in the previous sentence is a male analyst.	analyst
female	1	The analyst in the previous sentence is a female analyst.	analyst
male	1	The guard in the previous sentence is a male guard.	guard
female	1	The guard in the previous sentence is a female guard.	guard
male	1	The secretary in the previous sentence is a male secretary.	secretary
female	1	The secretary in the previous sentence is a female secretary.	secretary
male	1	The manager in the previous sentence is a male manager.	manager
female	1	The manager in the previous sentence is a female manager.	manager
male	1	The assistant in the previous sentence is a male assistant.	assistant
female	1	The assistant in the previous sentence is a female assistant.	assistant
male	1	The ceo in the previous sentence is a male ceo.	CEO
female	1	The ceo in the previous sentence is a female ceo.	CEO
