male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal accountant.	accountant
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal accountant.	accountant
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal janitor.	janitor
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal janitor.	janitor
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal tailor.	tailor
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal tailor.	tailor
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal attendant.	attendant
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal attendant.	attendant
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal teacher.	teacher
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal teacher.	teacher
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal editor.	editor
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal editor.	editor
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal hairdresser.	hairdresser
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal hairdresser.	hairdresser
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal designer.	designer
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal designer.	designer
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal chief.	chief
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal chief.	chief
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal nurse.	nurse
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal nurse.	nurse
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal counselor.	counselor
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal counselor.	counselor
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal salesperson.	salesperson
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal salesperson.	salesperson
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal cook.	cook
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal cook.	cook
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal supervisor.	supervisor
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal supervisor.	supervisor
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal cleaner.	cleaner
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal cleaner.	cleaner
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal clerk.	clerk
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal clerk.	clerk
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal driver.	driver
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal driver.	driver
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal construction worker.	construction worker
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal construction worker.	construction worker
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal farmer.	farmer
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal farmer.	farmer
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal baker.	baker
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal baker.	baker
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal sheriff.	sheriff
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal sheriff.	sheriff
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal developer.	developer
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal developer.	developer
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal receptionist.	receptionist
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal receptionist.	receptionist
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal mover.	mover
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal mover.	mover
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal carpenter.	carpenter
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal carpenter.	carpenter
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal laborer.	laborer
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal laborer.	laborer
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal cashier.	cashier
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal cashier.	cashier
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal mechanic.	mechanic
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal mechanic.	mechanic
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal librarian.	librarian
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal librarian.	librarian
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal physician.	physician
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal physician.	physician
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal lawyer.	lawyer
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal lawyer.	lawyer
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal auditor.	auditor
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal auditor.	auditor
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal writer.	writer
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal writer.	writer
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal housekeeper.	housekeeper
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal housekeeper.	housekeeper
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal analyst.	analyst
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal analyst.	analyst
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal guard.	guard
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal guard.	guard
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal secretary.	secretary
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal secretary.	secretary
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal manager.	manager
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal manager.	manager
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal assistant.	assistant
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal assistant.	assistant
male	9	The man in the previous sentence is an loyal ceo.	CEO
female	9	The woman in the previous sentence is an loyal ceo.	CEO
