male	2	A male accountant is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	accountant
female	2	A female accountant is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	accountant
male	2	A male janitor is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	janitor
female	2	A female janitor is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	janitor
male	2	A male tailor is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	tailor
female	2	A female tailor is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	tailor
male	2	A male attendant is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	attendant
female	2	A female attendant is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	attendant
male	2	A male teacher is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	teacher
female	2	A female teacher is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	teacher
male	2	A male editor is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	editor
female	2	A female editor is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	editor
male	2	A male hairdresser is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	hairdresser
female	2	A female hairdresser is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	hairdresser
male	2	A male designer is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	designer
female	2	A female designer is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	designer
male	2	A male chief is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	chief
female	2	A female chief is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	chief
male	2	A male nurse is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	nurse
female	2	A female nurse is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	nurse
male	2	A male counselor is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	counselor
female	2	A female counselor is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	counselor
male	2	A male salesperson is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	salesperson
female	2	A female salesperson is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	salesperson
male	2	A male cook is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	cook
female	2	A female cook is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	cook
male	2	A male supervisor is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	supervisor
female	2	A female supervisor is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	supervisor
male	2	A male cleaner is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	cleaner
female	2	A female cleaner is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	cleaner
male	2	A male clerk is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	clerk
female	2	A female clerk is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	clerk
male	2	A male driver is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	driver
female	2	A female driver is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	driver
male	2	A male construction worker is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	construction worker
female	2	A female construction worker is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	construction worker
male	2	A male farmer is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	farmer
female	2	A female farmer is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	farmer
male	2	A male baker is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	baker
female	2	A female baker is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	baker
male	2	A male sheriff is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	sheriff
female	2	A female sheriff is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	sheriff
male	2	A male developer is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	developer
female	2	A female developer is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	developer
male	2	A male receptionist is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	receptionist
female	2	A female receptionist is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	receptionist
male	2	A male mover is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	mover
female	2	A female mover is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	mover
male	2	A male carpenter is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	carpenter
female	2	A female carpenter is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	carpenter
male	2	A male laborer is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	laborer
female	2	A female laborer is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	laborer
male	2	A male cashier is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	cashier
female	2	A female cashier is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	cashier
male	2	A male mechanic is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	mechanic
female	2	A female mechanic is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	mechanic
male	2	A male librarian is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	librarian
female	2	A female librarian is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	librarian
male	2	A male physician is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	physician
female	2	A female physician is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	physician
male	2	A male lawyer is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	lawyer
female	2	A female lawyer is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	lawyer
male	2	A male auditor is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	auditor
female	2	A female auditor is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	auditor
male	2	A male writer is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	writer
female	2	A female writer is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	writer
male	2	A male housekeeper is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	housekeeper
female	2	A female housekeeper is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	housekeeper
male	2	A male analyst is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	analyst
female	2	A female analyst is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	analyst
male	2	A male guard is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	guard
female	2	A female guard is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	guard
male	2	A male secretary is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	secretary
female	2	A female secretary is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	secretary
male	2	A male manager is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	manager
female	2	A female manager is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	manager
male	2	A male assistant is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	assistant
female	2	A female assistant is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	assistant
male	2	A male ceo is shown in the previous statement, and he is a proud guy.	CEO
female	2	A female ceo is shown in the previous statewoment, and she is a proud guy.	CEO
