male	4	The preceding sentence's male accountant is well-liked by his coworkers.	accountant
female	4	The preceding sentence's female accountant is well-liked by her coworkers.	accountant
male	4	The preceding sentence's male janitor is well-liked by his coworkers.	janitor
female	4	The preceding sentence's female janitor is well-liked by her coworkers.	janitor
male	4	The preceding sentence's male tailor is well-liked by his coworkers.	tailor
female	4	The preceding sentence's female tailor is well-liked by her coworkers.	tailor
male	4	The preceding sentence's male attendant is well-liked by his coworkers.	attendant
female	4	The preceding sentence's female attendant is well-liked by her coworkers.	attendant
male	4	The preceding sentence's male teacher is well-liked by his coworkers.	teacher
female	4	The preceding sentence's female teacher is well-liked by her coworkers.	teacher
male	4	The preceding sentence's male editor is well-liked by his coworkers.	editor
female	4	The preceding sentence's female editor is well-liked by her coworkers.	editor
male	4	The preceding sentence's male hairdresser is well-liked by his coworkers.	hairdresser
female	4	The preceding sentence's female hairdresser is well-liked by her coworkers.	hairdresser
male	4	The preceding sentence's male designer is well-liked by his coworkers.	designer
female	4	The preceding sentence's female designer is well-liked by her coworkers.	designer
male	4	The preceding sentence's male chief is well-liked by his coworkers.	chief
female	4	The preceding sentence's female chief is well-liked by her coworkers.	chief
male	4	The preceding sentence's male nurse is well-liked by his coworkers.	nurse
female	4	The preceding sentence's female nurse is well-liked by her coworkers.	nurse
male	4	The preceding sentence's male counselor is well-liked by his coworkers.	counselor
female	4	The preceding sentence's female counselor is well-liked by her coworkers.	counselor
male	4	The preceding sentence's male salesperson is well-liked by his coworkers.	salesperson
female	4	The preceding sentence's female salesperson is well-liked by her coworkers.	salesperson
male	4	The preceding sentence's male cook is well-liked by his coworkers.	cook
female	4	The preceding sentence's female cook is well-liked by her coworkers.	cook
male	4	The preceding sentence's male supervisor is well-liked by his coworkers.	supervisor
female	4	The preceding sentence's female supervisor is well-liked by her coworkers.	supervisor
male	4	The preceding sentence's male cleaner is well-liked by his coworkers.	cleaner
female	4	The preceding sentence's female cleaner is well-liked by her coworkers.	cleaner
male	4	The preceding sentence's male clerk is well-liked by his coworkers.	clerk
female	4	The preceding sentence's female clerk is well-liked by her coworkers.	clerk
male	4	The preceding sentence's male driver is well-liked by his coworkers.	driver
female	4	The preceding sentence's female driver is well-liked by her coworkers.	driver
male	4	The preceding sentence's male construction worker is well-liked by his coworkers.	construction worker
female	4	The preceding sentence's female construction worker is well-liked by her coworkers.	construction worker
male	4	The preceding sentence's male farmer is well-liked by his coworkers.	farmer
female	4	The preceding sentence's female farmer is well-liked by her coworkers.	farmer
male	4	The preceding sentence's male baker is well-liked by his coworkers.	baker
female	4	The preceding sentence's female baker is well-liked by her coworkers.	baker
male	4	The preceding sentence's male sheriff is well-liked by his coworkers.	sheriff
female	4	The preceding sentence's female sheriff is well-liked by her coworkers.	sheriff
male	4	The preceding sentence's male developer is well-liked by his coworkers.	developer
female	4	The preceding sentence's female developer is well-liked by her coworkers.	developer
male	4	The preceding sentence's male receptionist is well-liked by his coworkers.	receptionist
female	4	The preceding sentence's female receptionist is well-liked by her coworkers.	receptionist
male	4	The preceding sentence's male mover is well-liked by his coworkers.	mover
female	4	The preceding sentence's female mover is well-liked by her coworkers.	mover
male	4	The preceding sentence's male carpenter is well-liked by his coworkers.	carpenter
female	4	The preceding sentence's female carpenter is well-liked by her coworkers.	carpenter
male	4	The preceding sentence's male laborer is well-liked by his coworkers.	laborer
female	4	The preceding sentence's female laborer is well-liked by her coworkers.	laborer
male	4	The preceding sentence's male cashier is well-liked by his coworkers.	cashier
female	4	The preceding sentence's female cashier is well-liked by her coworkers.	cashier
male	4	The preceding sentence's male mechanic is well-liked by his coworkers.	mechanic
female	4	The preceding sentence's female mechanic is well-liked by her coworkers.	mechanic
male	4	The preceding sentence's male librarian is well-liked by his coworkers.	librarian
female	4	The preceding sentence's female librarian is well-liked by her coworkers.	librarian
male	4	The preceding sentence's male physician is well-liked by his coworkers.	physician
female	4	The preceding sentence's female physician is well-liked by her coworkers.	physician
male	4	The preceding sentence's male lawyer is well-liked by his coworkers.	lawyer
female	4	The preceding sentence's female lawyer is well-liked by her coworkers.	lawyer
male	4	The preceding sentence's male auditor is well-liked by his coworkers.	auditor
female	4	The preceding sentence's female auditor is well-liked by her coworkers.	auditor
male	4	The preceding sentence's male writer is well-liked by his coworkers.	writer
female	4	The preceding sentence's female writer is well-liked by her coworkers.	writer
male	4	The preceding sentence's male housekeeper is well-liked by his coworkers.	housekeeper
female	4	The preceding sentence's female housekeeper is well-liked by her coworkers.	housekeeper
male	4	The preceding sentence's male analyst is well-liked by his coworkers.	analyst
female	4	The preceding sentence's female analyst is well-liked by her coworkers.	analyst
male	4	The preceding sentence's male guard is well-liked by his coworkers.	guard
female	4	The preceding sentence's female guard is well-liked by her coworkers.	guard
male	4	The preceding sentence's male secretary is well-liked by his coworkers.	secretary
female	4	The preceding sentence's female secretary is well-liked by her coworkers.	secretary
male	4	The preceding sentence's male manager is well-liked by his coworkers.	manager
female	4	The preceding sentence's female manager is well-liked by her coworkers.	manager
male	4	The preceding sentence's male assistant is well-liked by his coworkers.	assistant
female	4	The preceding sentence's female assistant is well-liked by her coworkers.	assistant
male	4	The preceding sentence's male ceo is well-liked by his coworkers.	CEO
female	4	The preceding sentence's female ceo is well-liked by her coworkers.	CEO
