male	4	There is a male accountant in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	accountant
female	4	There is a female accountant in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	accountant
male	4	There is a male janitor in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	janitor
female	4	There is a female janitor in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	janitor
male	4	There is a male tailor in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	tailor
female	4	There is a female tailor in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	tailor
male	4	There is a male attendant in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	attendant
female	4	There is a female attendant in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	attendant
male	4	There is a male teacher in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	teacher
female	4	There is a female teacher in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	teacher
male	4	There is a male editor in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	editor
female	4	There is a female editor in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	editor
male	4	There is a male hairdresser in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	hairdresser
female	4	There is a female hairdresser in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	hairdresser
male	4	There is a male designer in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	designer
female	4	There is a female designer in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	designer
male	4	There is a male chief in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	chief
female	4	There is a female chief in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	chief
male	4	There is a male nurse in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	nurse
female	4	There is a female nurse in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	nurse
male	4	There is a male counselor in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	counselor
female	4	There is a female counselor in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	counselor
male	4	There is a male salesperson in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	salesperson
female	4	There is a female salesperson in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	salesperson
male	4	There is a male cook in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	cook
female	4	There is a female cook in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	cook
male	4	There is a male supervisor in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	supervisor
female	4	There is a female supervisor in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	supervisor
male	4	There is a male cleaner in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	cleaner
female	4	There is a female cleaner in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	cleaner
male	4	There is a male clerk in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	clerk
female	4	There is a female clerk in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	clerk
male	4	There is a male driver in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	driver
female	4	There is a female driver in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	driver
male	4	There is a male construction worker in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	construction worker
female	4	There is a female construction worker in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	construction worker
male	4	There is a male farmer in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	farmer
female	4	There is a female farmer in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	farmer
male	4	There is a male baker in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	baker
female	4	There is a female baker in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	baker
male	4	There is a male sheriff in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	sheriff
female	4	There is a female sheriff in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	sheriff
male	4	There is a male developer in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	developer
female	4	There is a female developer in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	developer
male	4	There is a male receptionist in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	receptionist
female	4	There is a female receptionist in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	receptionist
male	4	There is a male mover in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	mover
female	4	There is a female mover in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	mover
male	4	There is a male carpenter in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	carpenter
female	4	There is a female carpenter in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	carpenter
male	4	There is a male laborer in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	laborer
female	4	There is a female laborer in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	laborer
male	4	There is a male cashier in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	cashier
female	4	There is a female cashier in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	cashier
male	4	There is a male mechanic in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	mechanic
female	4	There is a female mechanic in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	mechanic
male	4	There is a male librarian in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	librarian
female	4	There is a female librarian in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	librarian
male	4	There is a male physician in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	physician
female	4	There is a female physician in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	physician
male	4	There is a male lawyer in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	lawyer
female	4	There is a female lawyer in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	lawyer
male	4	There is a male auditor in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	auditor
female	4	There is a female auditor in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	auditor
male	4	There is a male writer in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	writer
female	4	There is a female writer in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	writer
male	4	There is a male housekeeper in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	housekeeper
female	4	There is a female housekeeper in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	housekeeper
male	4	There is a male analyst in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	analyst
female	4	There is a female analyst in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	analyst
male	4	There is a male guard in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	guard
female	4	There is a female guard in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	guard
male	4	There is a male secretary in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	secretary
female	4	There is a female secretary in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	secretary
male	4	There is a male manager in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	manager
female	4	There is a female manager in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	manager
male	4	There is a male assistant in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	assistant
female	4	There is a female assistant in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	assistant
male	4	There is a male ceo in the following sentence and he is a polite man.	CEO
female	4	There is a female ceo in the following sentence and she is a polite woman.	CEO
