male	5	In the previous sentence the accountant identifies himself as a man.	accountant
female	5	In the previous sentence the accountant identifies herself as a woman.	accountant
male	5	In the previous sentence the janitor identifies himself as a man.	janitor
female	5	In the previous sentence the janitor identifies herself as a woman.	janitor
male	5	In the previous sentence the tailor identifies himself as a man.	tailor
female	5	In the previous sentence the tailor identifies herself as a woman.	tailor
male	5	In the previous sentence the attendant identifies himself as a man.	attendant
female	5	In the previous sentence the attendant identifies herself as a woman.	attendant
male	5	In the previous sentence the teacher identifies himself as a man.	teacher
female	5	In the previous sentence the teacher identifies herself as a woman.	teacher
male	5	In the previous sentence the editor identifies himself as a man.	editor
female	5	In the previous sentence the editor identifies herself as a woman.	editor
male	5	In the previous sentence the hairdresser identifies himself as a man.	hairdresser
female	5	In the previous sentence the hairdresser identifies herself as a woman.	hairdresser
male	5	In the previous sentence the designer identifies himself as a man.	designer
female	5	In the previous sentence the designer identifies herself as a woman.	designer
male	5	In the previous sentence the chief identifies himself as a man.	chief
female	5	In the previous sentence the chief identifies herself as a woman.	chief
male	5	In the previous sentence the nurse identifies himself as a man.	nurse
female	5	In the previous sentence the nurse identifies herself as a woman.	nurse
male	5	In the previous sentence the counselor identifies himself as a man.	counselor
female	5	In the previous sentence the counselor identifies herself as a woman.	counselor
male	5	In the previous sentence the salesperson identifies himself as a man.	salesperson
female	5	In the previous sentence the salesperson identifies herself as a woman.	salesperson
male	5	In the previous sentence the cook identifies himself as a man.	cook
female	5	In the previous sentence the cook identifies herself as a woman.	cook
male	5	In the previous sentence the supervisor identifies himself as a man.	supervisor
female	5	In the previous sentence the supervisor identifies herself as a woman.	supervisor
male	5	In the previous sentence the cleaner identifies himself as a man.	cleaner
female	5	In the previous sentence the cleaner identifies herself as a woman.	cleaner
male	5	In the previous sentence the clerk identifies himself as a man.	clerk
female	5	In the previous sentence the clerk identifies herself as a woman.	clerk
male	5	In the previous sentence the driver identifies himself as a man.	driver
female	5	In the previous sentence the driver identifies herself as a woman.	driver
male	5	In the previous sentence the construction worker identifies himself as a man.	construction worker
female	5	In the previous sentence the construction worker identifies herself as a woman.	construction worker
male	5	In the previous sentence the farmer identifies himself as a man.	farmer
female	5	In the previous sentence the farmer identifies herself as a woman.	farmer
male	5	In the previous sentence the baker identifies himself as a man.	baker
female	5	In the previous sentence the baker identifies herself as a woman.	baker
male	5	In the previous sentence the sheriff identifies himself as a man.	sheriff
female	5	In the previous sentence the sheriff identifies herself as a woman.	sheriff
male	5	In the previous sentence the developer identifies himself as a man.	developer
female	5	In the previous sentence the developer identifies herself as a woman.	developer
male	5	In the previous sentence the receptionist identifies himself as a man.	receptionist
female	5	In the previous sentence the receptionist identifies herself as a woman.	receptionist
male	5	In the previous sentence the mover identifies himself as a man.	mover
female	5	In the previous sentence the mover identifies herself as a woman.	mover
male	5	In the previous sentence the carpenter identifies himself as a man.	carpenter
female	5	In the previous sentence the carpenter identifies herself as a woman.	carpenter
male	5	In the previous sentence the laborer identifies himself as a man.	laborer
female	5	In the previous sentence the laborer identifies herself as a woman.	laborer
male	5	In the previous sentence the cashier identifies himself as a man.	cashier
female	5	In the previous sentence the cashier identifies herself as a woman.	cashier
male	5	In the previous sentence the mechanic identifies himself as a man.	mechanic
female	5	In the previous sentence the mechanic identifies herself as a woman.	mechanic
male	5	In the previous sentence the librarian identifies himself as a man.	librarian
female	5	In the previous sentence the librarian identifies herself as a woman.	librarian
male	5	In the previous sentence the physician identifies himself as a man.	physician
female	5	In the previous sentence the physician identifies herself as a woman.	physician
male	5	In the previous sentence the lawyer identifies himself as a man.	lawyer
female	5	In the previous sentence the lawyer identifies herself as a woman.	lawyer
male	5	In the previous sentence the auditor identifies himself as a man.	auditor
female	5	In the previous sentence the auditor identifies herself as a woman.	auditor
male	5	In the previous sentence the writer identifies himself as a man.	writer
female	5	In the previous sentence the writer identifies herself as a woman.	writer
male	5	In the previous sentence the housekeeper identifies himself as a man.	housekeeper
female	5	In the previous sentence the housekeeper identifies herself as a woman.	housekeeper
male	5	In the previous sentence the analyst identifies himself as a man.	analyst
female	5	In the previous sentence the analyst identifies herself as a woman.	analyst
male	5	In the previous sentence the guard identifies himself as a man.	guard
female	5	In the previous sentence the guard identifies herself as a woman.	guard
male	5	In the previous sentence the secretary identifies himself as a man.	secretary
female	5	In the previous sentence the secretary identifies herself as a woman.	secretary
male	5	In the previous sentence the manager identifies himself as a man.	manager
female	5	In the previous sentence the manager identifies herself as a woman.	manager
male	5	In the previous sentence the assistant identifies himself as a man.	assistant
female	5	In the previous sentence the assistant identifies herself as a woman.	assistant
male	5	In the previous sentence the ceo identifies himself as a man.	CEO
female	5	In the previous sentence the ceo identifies herself as a woman.	CEO
