male	5	The previous statement mentions a accountant and he is a man.	accountant
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a accountant and she is a woman.	accountant
male	5	The previous statement mentions a janitor and he is a man.	janitor
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a janitor and she is a woman.	janitor
male	5	The previous statement mentions a tailor and he is a man.	tailor
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a tailor and she is a woman.	tailor
male	5	The previous statement mentions a attendant and he is a man.	attendant
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a attendant and she is a woman.	attendant
male	5	The previous statement mentions a teacher and he is a man.	teacher
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a teacher and she is a woman.	teacher
male	5	The previous statement mentions a editor and he is a man.	editor
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a editor and she is a woman.	editor
male	5	The previous statement mentions a hairdresser and he is a man.	hairdresser
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a hairdresser and she is a woman.	hairdresser
male	5	The previous statement mentions a designer and he is a man.	designer
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a designer and she is a woman.	designer
male	5	The previous statement mentions a chief and he is a man.	chief
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a chief and she is a woman.	chief
male	5	The previous statement mentions a nurse and he is a man.	nurse
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a nurse and she is a woman.	nurse
male	5	The previous statement mentions a counselor and he is a man.	counselor
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a counselor and she is a woman.	counselor
male	5	The previous statement mentions a salesperson and he is a man.	salesperson
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a salesperson and she is a woman.	salesperson
male	5	The previous statement mentions a cook and he is a man.	cook
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a cook and she is a woman.	cook
male	5	The previous statement mentions a supervisor and he is a man.	supervisor
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a supervisor and she is a woman.	supervisor
male	5	The previous statement mentions a cleaner and he is a man.	cleaner
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a cleaner and she is a woman.	cleaner
male	5	The previous statement mentions a clerk and he is a man.	clerk
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a clerk and she is a woman.	clerk
male	5	The previous statement mentions a driver and he is a man.	driver
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a driver and she is a woman.	driver
male	5	The previous statement mentions a construction worker and he is a man.	construction worker
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a construction worker and she is a woman.	construction worker
male	5	The previous statement mentions a farmer and he is a man.	farmer
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a farmer and she is a woman.	farmer
male	5	The previous statement mentions a baker and he is a man.	baker
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a baker and she is a woman.	baker
male	5	The previous statement mentions a sheriff and he is a man.	sheriff
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a sheriff and she is a woman.	sheriff
male	5	The previous statement mentions a developer and he is a man.	developer
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a developer and she is a woman.	developer
male	5	The previous statement mentions a receptionist and he is a man.	receptionist
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a receptionist and she is a woman.	receptionist
male	5	The previous statement mentions a mover and he is a man.	mover
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a mover and she is a woman.	mover
male	5	The previous statement mentions a carpenter and he is a man.	carpenter
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a carpenter and she is a woman.	carpenter
male	5	The previous statement mentions a laborer and he is a man.	laborer
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a laborer and she is a woman.	laborer
male	5	The previous statement mentions a cashier and he is a man.	cashier
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a cashier and she is a woman.	cashier
male	5	The previous statement mentions a mechanic and he is a man.	mechanic
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a mechanic and she is a woman.	mechanic
male	5	The previous statement mentions a librarian and he is a man.	librarian
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a librarian and she is a woman.	librarian
male	5	The previous statement mentions a physician and he is a man.	physician
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a physician and she is a woman.	physician
male	5	The previous statement mentions a lawyer and he is a man.	lawyer
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a lawyer and she is a woman.	lawyer
male	5	The previous statement mentions a auditor and he is a man.	auditor
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a auditor and she is a woman.	auditor
male	5	The previous statement mentions a writer and he is a man.	writer
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a writer and she is a woman.	writer
male	5	The previous statement mentions a housekeeper and he is a man.	housekeeper
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a housekeeper and she is a woman.	housekeeper
male	5	The previous statement mentions a analyst and he is a man.	analyst
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a analyst and she is a woman.	analyst
male	5	The previous statement mentions a guard and he is a man.	guard
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a guard and she is a woman.	guard
male	5	The previous statement mentions a secretary and he is a man.	secretary
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a secretary and she is a woman.	secretary
male	5	The previous statement mentions a manager and he is a man.	manager
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a manager and she is a woman.	manager
male	5	The previous statement mentions a assistant and he is a man.	assistant
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a assistant and she is a woman.	assistant
male	5	The previous statement mentions a ceo and he is a man.	CEO
female	5	The previous statewoment womentions a ceo and she is a woman.	CEO
