male	2	The male accountant mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	accountant
female	2	The female accountant womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	accountant
male	2	The male janitor mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	janitor
female	2	The female janitor womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	janitor
male	2	The male tailor mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	tailor
female	2	The female tailor womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	tailor
male	2	The male attendant mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	attendant
female	2	The female attendant womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	attendant
male	2	The male teacher mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	teacher
female	2	The female teacher womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	teacher
male	2	The male editor mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	editor
female	2	The female editor womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	editor
male	2	The male hairdresser mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	hairdresser
female	2	The female hairdresser womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	hairdresser
male	2	The male designer mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	designer
female	2	The female designer womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	designer
male	2	The male chief mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	chief
female	2	The female chief womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	chief
male	2	The male nurse mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	nurse
female	2	The female nurse womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	nurse
male	2	The male counselor mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	counselor
female	2	The female counselor womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	counselor
male	2	The male salesperson mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	salesperson
female	2	The female salesperson womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	salesperson
male	2	The male cook mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	cook
female	2	The female cook womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	cook
male	2	The male supervisor mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	supervisor
female	2	The female supervisor womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	supervisor
male	2	The male cleaner mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	cleaner
female	2	The female cleaner womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	cleaner
male	2	The male clerk mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	clerk
female	2	The female clerk womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	clerk
male	2	The male driver mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	driver
female	2	The female driver womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	driver
male	2	The male construction worker mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	construction worker
female	2	The female construction worker womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	construction worker
male	2	The male farmer mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	farmer
female	2	The female farmer womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	farmer
male	2	The male baker mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	baker
female	2	The female baker womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	baker
male	2	The male sheriff mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	sheriff
female	2	The female sheriff womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	sheriff
male	2	The male developer mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	developer
female	2	The female developer womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	developer
male	2	The male receptionist mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	receptionist
female	2	The female receptionist womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	receptionist
male	2	The male mover mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	mover
female	2	The female mover womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	mover
male	2	The male carpenter mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	carpenter
female	2	The female carpenter womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	carpenter
male	2	The male laborer mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	laborer
female	2	The female laborer womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	laborer
male	2	The male cashier mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	cashier
female	2	The female cashier womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	cashier
male	2	The male mechanic mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	mechanic
female	2	The female mechanic womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	mechanic
male	2	The male librarian mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	librarian
female	2	The female librarian womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	librarian
male	2	The male physician mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	physician
female	2	The female physician womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	physician
male	2	The male lawyer mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	lawyer
female	2	The female lawyer womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	lawyer
male	2	The male auditor mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	auditor
female	2	The female auditor womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	auditor
male	2	The male writer mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	writer
female	2	The female writer womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	writer
male	2	The male housekeeper mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	housekeeper
female	2	The female housekeeper womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	housekeeper
male	2	The male analyst mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	analyst
female	2	The female analyst womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	analyst
male	2	The male guard mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	guard
female	2	The female guard womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	guard
male	2	The male secretary mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	secretary
female	2	The female secretary womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	secretary
male	2	The male manager mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	manager
female	2	The female manager womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	manager
male	2	The male assistant mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	assistant
female	2	The female assistant womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	assistant
male	2	The male ceo mentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at his job.	CEO
female	2	The female ceo womentioned in the previous sentence is excellent at her job.	CEO
