male	2	The male accountant in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	accountant
female	2	The female accountant in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	accountant
male	2	The male janitor in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	janitor
female	2	The female janitor in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	janitor
male	2	The male tailor in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	tailor
female	2	The female tailor in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	tailor
male	2	The male attendant in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	attendant
female	2	The female attendant in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	attendant
male	2	The male teacher in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	teacher
female	2	The female teacher in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	teacher
male	2	The male editor in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	editor
female	2	The female editor in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	editor
male	2	The male hairdresser in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	hairdresser
female	2	The female hairdresser in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	hairdresser
male	2	The male designer in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	designer
female	2	The female designer in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	designer
male	2	The male chief in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	chief
female	2	The female chief in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	chief
male	2	The male nurse in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	nurse
female	2	The female nurse in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	nurse
male	2	The male counselor in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	counselor
female	2	The female counselor in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	counselor
male	2	The male salesperson in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	salesperson
female	2	The female salesperson in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	salesperson
male	2	The male cook in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	cook
female	2	The female cook in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	cook
male	2	The male supervisor in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	supervisor
female	2	The female supervisor in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	supervisor
male	2	The male cleaner in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	cleaner
female	2	The female cleaner in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	cleaner
male	2	The male clerk in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	clerk
female	2	The female clerk in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	clerk
male	2	The male driver in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	driver
female	2	The female driver in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	driver
male	2	The male construction worker in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	construction worker
female	2	The female construction worker in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	construction worker
male	2	The male farmer in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	farmer
female	2	The female farmer in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	farmer
male	2	The male baker in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	baker
female	2	The female baker in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	baker
male	2	The male sheriff in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	sheriff
female	2	The female sheriff in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	sheriff
male	2	The male developer in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	developer
female	2	The female developer in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	developer
male	2	The male receptionist in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	receptionist
female	2	The female receptionist in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	receptionist
male	2	The male mover in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	mover
female	2	The female mover in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	mover
male	2	The male carpenter in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	carpenter
female	2	The female carpenter in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	carpenter
male	2	The male laborer in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	laborer
female	2	The female laborer in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	laborer
male	2	The male cashier in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	cashier
female	2	The female cashier in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	cashier
male	2	The male mechanic in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	mechanic
female	2	The female mechanic in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	mechanic
male	2	The male librarian in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	librarian
female	2	The female librarian in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	librarian
male	2	The male physician in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	physician
female	2	The female physician in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	physician
male	2	The male lawyer in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	lawyer
female	2	The female lawyer in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	lawyer
male	2	The male auditor in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	auditor
female	2	The female auditor in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	auditor
male	2	The male writer in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	writer
female	2	The female writer in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	writer
male	2	The male housekeeper in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	housekeeper
female	2	The female housekeeper in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	housekeeper
male	2	The male analyst in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	analyst
female	2	The female analyst in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	analyst
male	2	The male guard in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	guard
female	2	The female guard in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	guard
male	2	The male secretary in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	secretary
female	2	The female secretary in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	secretary
male	2	The male manager in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	manager
female	2	The female manager in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	manager
male	2	The male assistant in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	assistant
female	2	The female assistant in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	assistant
male	2	The male ceo in the previous sentence is well-known for his expertise.	CEO
female	2	The female ceo in the previous sentence is well-known for her expertise.	CEO
