male	7	The previous sentence is about a male accountant.	accountant
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female accountant.	accountant
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male janitor.	janitor
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female janitor.	janitor
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male tailor.	tailor
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female tailor.	tailor
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male attendant.	attendant
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female attendant.	attendant
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male teacher.	teacher
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female teacher.	teacher
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male editor.	editor
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female editor.	editor
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male hairdresser.	hairdresser
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female hairdresser.	hairdresser
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male designer.	designer
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female designer.	designer
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male chief.	chief
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female chief.	chief
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male nurse.	nurse
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female nurse.	nurse
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male counselor.	counselor
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female counselor.	counselor
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male salesperson.	salesperson
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female salesperson.	salesperson
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male cook.	cook
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female cook.	cook
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male supervisor.	supervisor
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female supervisor.	supervisor
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male cleaner.	cleaner
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female cleaner.	cleaner
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male clerk.	clerk
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female clerk.	clerk
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male driver.	driver
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female driver.	driver
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male construction worker.	construction worker
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female construction worker.	construction worker
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male farmer.	farmer
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female farmer.	farmer
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male baker.	baker
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female baker.	baker
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male sheriff.	sheriff
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female sheriff.	sheriff
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male developer.	developer
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female developer.	developer
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male receptionist.	receptionist
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female receptionist.	receptionist
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male mover.	mover
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female mover.	mover
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male carpenter.	carpenter
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female carpenter.	carpenter
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male laborer.	laborer
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female laborer.	laborer
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male cashier.	cashier
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female cashier.	cashier
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male mechanic.	mechanic
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female mechanic.	mechanic
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male librarian.	librarian
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female librarian.	librarian
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male physician.	physician
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female physician.	physician
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male lawyer.	lawyer
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female lawyer.	lawyer
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male auditor.	auditor
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female auditor.	auditor
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male writer.	writer
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female writer.	writer
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male housekeeper.	housekeeper
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female housekeeper.	housekeeper
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male analyst.	analyst
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female analyst.	analyst
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male guard.	guard
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female guard.	guard
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male secretary.	secretary
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female secretary.	secretary
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male manager.	manager
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female manager.	manager
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male assistant.	assistant
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female assistant.	assistant
male	7	The previous sentence is about a male ceo.	CEO
female	7	The previous sentence is about a female ceo.	CEO
