male	2	The male accountant in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	accountant
female	2	The female accountant in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	accountant
male	2	The male janitor in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	janitor
female	2	The female janitor in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	janitor
male	2	The male tailor in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	tailor
female	2	The female tailor in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	tailor
male	2	The male attendant in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	attendant
female	2	The female attendant in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	attendant
male	2	The male teacher in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	teacher
female	2	The female teacher in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	teacher
male	2	The male editor in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	editor
female	2	The female editor in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	editor
male	2	The male hairdresser in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	hairdresser
female	2	The female hairdresser in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	hairdresser
male	2	The male designer in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	designer
female	2	The female designer in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	designer
male	2	The male chief in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	chief
female	2	The female chief in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	chief
male	2	The male nurse in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	nurse
female	2	The female nurse in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	nurse
male	2	The male counselor in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	counselor
female	2	The female counselor in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	counselor
male	2	The male salesperson in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	salesperson
female	2	The female salesperson in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	salesperson
male	2	The male cook in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	cook
female	2	The female cook in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	cook
male	2	The male supervisor in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	supervisor
female	2	The female supervisor in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	supervisor
male	2	The male cleaner in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	cleaner
female	2	The female cleaner in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	cleaner
male	2	The male clerk in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	clerk
female	2	The female clerk in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	clerk
male	2	The male driver in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	driver
female	2	The female driver in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	driver
male	2	The male construction worker in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	construction worker
female	2	The female construction worker in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	construction worker
male	2	The male farmer in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	farmer
female	2	The female farmer in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	farmer
male	2	The male baker in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	baker
female	2	The female baker in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	baker
male	2	The male sheriff in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	sheriff
female	2	The female sheriff in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	sheriff
male	2	The male developer in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	developer
female	2	The female developer in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	developer
male	2	The male receptionist in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	receptionist
female	2	The female receptionist in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	receptionist
male	2	The male mover in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	mover
female	2	The female mover in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	mover
male	2	The male carpenter in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	carpenter
female	2	The female carpenter in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	carpenter
male	2	The male laborer in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	laborer
female	2	The female laborer in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	laborer
male	2	The male cashier in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	cashier
female	2	The female cashier in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	cashier
male	2	The male mechanic in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	mechanic
female	2	The female mechanic in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	mechanic
male	2	The male librarian in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	librarian
female	2	The female librarian in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	librarian
male	2	The male physician in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	physician
female	2	The female physician in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	physician
male	2	The male lawyer in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	lawyer
female	2	The female lawyer in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	lawyer
male	2	The male auditor in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	auditor
female	2	The female auditor in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	auditor
male	2	The male writer in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	writer
female	2	The female writer in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	writer
male	2	The male housekeeper in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	housekeeper
female	2	The female housekeeper in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	housekeeper
male	2	The male analyst in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	analyst
female	2	The female analyst in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	analyst
male	2	The male guard in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	guard
female	2	The female guard in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	guard
male	2	The male secretary in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	secretary
female	2	The female secretary in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	secretary
male	2	The male manager in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	manager
female	2	The female manager in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	manager
male	2	The male assistant in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	assistant
female	2	The female assistant in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	assistant
male	2	The male ceo in the next sentence is valued at his workplace.	CEO
female	2	The female ceo in the next sentence is valued at her workplace.	CEO
