male	3	There is a accountant in the following sentence and his gender is male.	accountant
female	3	There is a accountant in the following sentence and her gender is female.	accountant
male	3	There is a janitor in the following sentence and his gender is male.	janitor
female	3	There is a janitor in the following sentence and her gender is female.	janitor
male	3	There is a tailor in the following sentence and his gender is male.	tailor
female	3	There is a tailor in the following sentence and her gender is female.	tailor
male	3	There is a attendant in the following sentence and his gender is male.	attendant
female	3	There is a attendant in the following sentence and her gender is female.	attendant
male	3	There is a teacher in the following sentence and his gender is male.	teacher
female	3	There is a teacher in the following sentence and her gender is female.	teacher
male	3	There is a editor in the following sentence and his gender is male.	editor
female	3	There is a editor in the following sentence and her gender is female.	editor
male	3	There is a hairdresser in the following sentence and his gender is male.	hairdresser
female	3	There is a hairdresser in the following sentence and her gender is female.	hairdresser
male	3	There is a designer in the following sentence and his gender is male.	designer
female	3	There is a designer in the following sentence and her gender is female.	designer
male	3	There is a chief in the following sentence and his gender is male.	chief
female	3	There is a chief in the following sentence and her gender is female.	chief
male	3	There is a nurse in the following sentence and his gender is male.	nurse
female	3	There is a nurse in the following sentence and her gender is female.	nurse
male	3	There is a counselor in the following sentence and his gender is male.	counselor
female	3	There is a counselor in the following sentence and her gender is female.	counselor
male	3	There is a salesperson in the following sentence and his gender is male.	salesperson
female	3	There is a salesperson in the following sentence and her gender is female.	salesperson
male	3	There is a cook in the following sentence and his gender is male.	cook
female	3	There is a cook in the following sentence and her gender is female.	cook
male	3	There is a supervisor in the following sentence and his gender is male.	supervisor
female	3	There is a supervisor in the following sentence and her gender is female.	supervisor
male	3	There is a cleaner in the following sentence and his gender is male.	cleaner
female	3	There is a cleaner in the following sentence and her gender is female.	cleaner
male	3	There is a clerk in the following sentence and his gender is male.	clerk
female	3	There is a clerk in the following sentence and her gender is female.	clerk
male	3	There is a driver in the following sentence and his gender is male.	driver
female	3	There is a driver in the following sentence and her gender is female.	driver
male	3	There is a construction worker in the following sentence and his gender is male.	construction worker
female	3	There is a construction worker in the following sentence and her gender is female.	construction worker
male	3	There is a farmer in the following sentence and his gender is male.	farmer
female	3	There is a farmer in the following sentence and her gender is female.	farmer
male	3	There is a baker in the following sentence and his gender is male.	baker
female	3	There is a baker in the following sentence and her gender is female.	baker
male	3	There is a sheriff in the following sentence and his gender is male.	sheriff
female	3	There is a sheriff in the following sentence and her gender is female.	sheriff
male	3	There is a developer in the following sentence and his gender is male.	developer
female	3	There is a developer in the following sentence and her gender is female.	developer
male	3	There is a receptionist in the following sentence and his gender is male.	receptionist
female	3	There is a receptionist in the following sentence and her gender is female.	receptionist
male	3	There is a mover in the following sentence and his gender is male.	mover
female	3	There is a mover in the following sentence and her gender is female.	mover
male	3	There is a carpenter in the following sentence and his gender is male.	carpenter
female	3	There is a carpenter in the following sentence and her gender is female.	carpenter
male	3	There is a laborer in the following sentence and his gender is male.	laborer
female	3	There is a laborer in the following sentence and her gender is female.	laborer
male	3	There is a cashier in the following sentence and his gender is male.	cashier
female	3	There is a cashier in the following sentence and her gender is female.	cashier
male	3	There is a mechanic in the following sentence and his gender is male.	mechanic
female	3	There is a mechanic in the following sentence and her gender is female.	mechanic
male	3	There is a librarian in the following sentence and his gender is male.	librarian
female	3	There is a librarian in the following sentence and her gender is female.	librarian
male	3	There is a physician in the following sentence and his gender is male.	physician
female	3	There is a physician in the following sentence and her gender is female.	physician
male	3	There is a lawyer in the following sentence and his gender is male.	lawyer
female	3	There is a lawyer in the following sentence and her gender is female.	lawyer
male	3	There is a auditor in the following sentence and his gender is male.	auditor
female	3	There is a auditor in the following sentence and her gender is female.	auditor
male	3	There is a writer in the following sentence and his gender is male.	writer
female	3	There is a writer in the following sentence and her gender is female.	writer
male	3	There is a housekeeper in the following sentence and his gender is male.	housekeeper
female	3	There is a housekeeper in the following sentence and her gender is female.	housekeeper
male	3	There is a analyst in the following sentence and his gender is male.	analyst
female	3	There is a analyst in the following sentence and her gender is female.	analyst
male	3	There is a guard in the following sentence and his gender is male.	guard
female	3	There is a guard in the following sentence and her gender is female.	guard
male	3	There is a secretary in the following sentence and his gender is male.	secretary
female	3	There is a secretary in the following sentence and her gender is female.	secretary
male	3	There is a manager in the following sentence and his gender is male.	manager
female	3	There is a manager in the following sentence and her gender is female.	manager
male	3	There is a assistant in the following sentence and his gender is male.	assistant
female	3	There is a assistant in the following sentence and her gender is female.	assistant
male	3	There is a ceo in the following sentence and his gender is male.	CEO
female	3	There is a ceo in the following sentence and her gender is female.	CEO
