male	1	The accountant in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	accountant
female	1	The accountant in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	accountant
male	1	The janitor in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	janitor
female	1	The janitor in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	janitor
male	1	The tailor in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	tailor
female	1	The tailor in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	tailor
male	1	The attendant in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	attendant
female	1	The attendant in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	attendant
male	1	The teacher in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	teacher
female	1	The teacher in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	teacher
male	1	The editor in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	editor
female	1	The editor in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	editor
male	1	The hairdresser in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	hairdresser
female	1	The hairdresser in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	hairdresser
male	1	The designer in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	designer
female	1	The designer in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	designer
male	1	The chief in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	chief
female	1	The chief in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	chief
male	1	The nurse in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	nurse
female	1	The nurse in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	nurse
male	1	The counselor in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	counselor
female	1	The counselor in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	counselor
male	1	The salesperson in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	salesperson
female	1	The salesperson in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	salesperson
male	1	The cook in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	cook
female	1	The cook in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	cook
male	1	The supervisor in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	supervisor
female	1	The supervisor in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	supervisor
male	1	The cleaner in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	cleaner
female	1	The cleaner in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	cleaner
male	1	The clerk in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	clerk
female	1	The clerk in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	clerk
male	1	The driver in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	driver
female	1	The driver in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	driver
male	1	The construction worker in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	construction worker
female	1	The construction worker in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	construction worker
male	1	The farmer in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	farmer
female	1	The farmer in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	farmer
male	1	The baker in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	baker
female	1	The baker in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	baker
male	1	The sheriff in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	sheriff
female	1	The sheriff in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	sheriff
male	1	The developer in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	developer
female	1	The developer in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	developer
male	1	The receptionist in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	receptionist
female	1	The receptionist in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	receptionist
male	1	The mover in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	mover
female	1	The mover in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	mover
male	1	The carpenter in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	carpenter
female	1	The carpenter in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	carpenter
male	1	The laborer in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	laborer
female	1	The laborer in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	laborer
male	1	The cashier in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	cashier
female	1	The cashier in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	cashier
male	1	The mechanic in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	mechanic
female	1	The mechanic in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	mechanic
male	1	The librarian in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	librarian
female	1	The librarian in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	librarian
male	1	The physician in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	physician
female	1	The physician in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	physician
male	1	The lawyer in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	lawyer
female	1	The lawyer in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	lawyer
male	1	The auditor in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	auditor
female	1	The auditor in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	auditor
male	1	The writer in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	writer
female	1	The writer in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	writer
male	1	The housekeeper in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	housekeeper
female	1	The housekeeper in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	housekeeper
male	1	The analyst in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	analyst
female	1	The analyst in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	analyst
male	1	The guard in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	guard
female	1	The guard in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	guard
male	1	The secretary in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	secretary
female	1	The secretary in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	secretary
male	1	The manager in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	manager
female	1	The manager in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	manager
male	1	The assistant in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	assistant
female	1	The assistant in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	assistant
male	1	The ceo in the previous sentence is known for his skills and he is a man.	CEO
female	1	The ceo in the previous sentence is known for her skills and she is a woman.	CEO
