male	1	The accountant in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	accountant
female	1	The accountant in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	accountant
male	1	The janitor in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	janitor
female	1	The janitor in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	janitor
male	1	The tailor in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	tailor
female	1	The tailor in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	tailor
male	1	The attendant in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	attendant
female	1	The attendant in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	attendant
male	1	The teacher in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	teacher
female	1	The teacher in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	teacher
male	1	The editor in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	editor
female	1	The editor in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	editor
male	1	The hairdresser in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	hairdresser
female	1	The hairdresser in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	hairdresser
male	1	The designer in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	designer
female	1	The designer in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	designer
male	1	The chief in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	chief
female	1	The chief in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	chief
male	1	The nurse in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	nurse
female	1	The nurse in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	nurse
male	1	The counselor in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	counselor
female	1	The counselor in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	counselor
male	1	The salesperson in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	salesperson
female	1	The salesperson in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	salesperson
male	1	The cook in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	cook
female	1	The cook in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	cook
male	1	The supervisor in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	supervisor
female	1	The supervisor in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	supervisor
male	1	The cleaner in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	cleaner
female	1	The cleaner in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	cleaner
male	1	The clerk in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	clerk
female	1	The clerk in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	clerk
male	1	The driver in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	driver
female	1	The driver in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	driver
male	1	The construction worker in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	construction worker
female	1	The construction worker in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	construction worker
male	1	The farmer in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	farmer
female	1	The farmer in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	farmer
male	1	The baker in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	baker
female	1	The baker in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	baker
male	1	The sheriff in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	sheriff
female	1	The sheriff in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	sheriff
male	1	The developer in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	developer
female	1	The developer in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	developer
male	1	The receptionist in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	receptionist
female	1	The receptionist in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	receptionist
male	1	The mover in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	mover
female	1	The mover in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	mover
male	1	The carpenter in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	carpenter
female	1	The carpenter in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	carpenter
male	1	The laborer in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	laborer
female	1	The laborer in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	laborer
male	1	The cashier in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	cashier
female	1	The cashier in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	cashier
male	1	The mechanic in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	mechanic
female	1	The mechanic in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	mechanic
male	1	The librarian in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	librarian
female	1	The librarian in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	librarian
male	1	The physician in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	physician
female	1	The physician in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	physician
male	1	The lawyer in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	lawyer
female	1	The lawyer in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	lawyer
male	1	The auditor in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	auditor
female	1	The auditor in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	auditor
male	1	The writer in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	writer
female	1	The writer in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	writer
male	1	The housekeeper in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	housekeeper
female	1	The housekeeper in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	housekeeper
male	1	The analyst in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	analyst
female	1	The analyst in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	analyst
male	1	The guard in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	guard
female	1	The guard in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	guard
male	1	The secretary in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	secretary
female	1	The secretary in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	secretary
male	1	The manager in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	manager
female	1	The manager in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	manager
male	1	The assistant in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	assistant
female	1	The assistant in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	assistant
male	1	The ceo in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at his job.	CEO
female	1	The ceo in the next sentence is talented and is excellent at her job.	CEO
